The Bucks Free Press: Friday 18 August 1939
NORFOLK v BUCKINGHAMSHIRE

BUCKINGHAMSHIRE should have defeated Norfolk at Norwich on Monday and Tuesday, in a match well in keeping with the tradition of these interesting "needle" matches between old rivals. After two or three days' fine weather the pitch was firmer and more suited to good cricket than has been the case lately, and when Bucks won the toss, Franklin had no hesitation in taking first knock. Baker and Franklin opened the innings and runs came steadily against some good bowling by R. C. Rought-Rought and Ballance. With the score at 24, however, Franklin was bowled. Baker showed excellent form, and all bowlers were played with ease and confidence, but just when a long partnership seemed likely, Ratcliffe touched a ball from Langdale and was caught in the slips. When lunch-time came Baker's individual score was 71, and the total 127 for four. Neither Isherwood nor O'Callaghan gave much trouble, and it was left to Baker to push the score along. He completed his century with another boundary. Immediately afterwards he was stumped in trying to drive Ballance. The Bucks innings closed for 194. Probably the quick change from soft wickets to a harder one was responsible for the lack of confidence in most of the batsmen.

Sensational Start
D. F. Walker and Theobald opened the Norfolk innings, which was watched with close interest by the Home Secretary, Sir Samuel Hoare, and Lady Hoare. The first over was sensational, as Walker, one of the best amateur batsmen in the country, scored two excellent 4's off Battcock's opening over, and then, misjudging the swing of the last ball, was out lbw. Subsequent play went strongly in favour of Bucks, whose bowlers were on top of their form, often making the ball swing disconcertingly. When eight wickets were down, the score was only 75, but Falcon, the Norfolk captain, and Ballance brought about a complete change. Despite the efforts of all the Bucks bowlers, they kept up their wickets for over an hour, and added 113 runs to the total. It looked as if the Bucks total would be passed when Ballance was caught in the slips off Edwards. The last wicket was obtained without another run being scored, and Bucks thus held a first innings lead of six runs. Bucks went in a second time late in the day and, when stumps were drawn, had scored 22 runs for the loss of Franklin, who was bowled by Boswell.

Second Day's Play
Next morning, only three runs had been added when Baker was dismissed and two good wickets had fallen for 25. O'Callaghan, who had gone in at the fall of the first wicket, and Peters then became associated in a stand against some very good bowling. O'Callaghan showed the most enterprise and he hit hard when occasion demanded. It was an endeavour to put the ball out of the field which ended his adventurous innings. His 43 included five 4's. Walker and Peters were very quick between the wickets, and brought off many sharply run singles. This went on until Walker, having scored 16, was caught at the wicket. Isherwood was soon dismissed, but Battcock remained to make some well-judged hits, until, at lunch-time, Peters was bowled for a carefully played innings of 46. Edwards and Lund added a few for the last wicket, which fell at 197, leaving Norfolk 204 to get to win.

Race For Runs
The home side again began their task badly, for Theobald, who opened the innings with Walker, was bowled by an inswinger from Lund with only 6 on the board. Walker and B. Rought-Rought, however, batted with great confidence, and Walker, in particular, made some beautiful strokes. The total had reached only 45 when he was bowled off his pads by the same bowler. G. Edrich was easily disposed of, but his brother E. H. Edrich, a fine forcing batsman, soon commenced hitting and the score mounted more quickly than it had at any time. He also hit Lund over the boundary, but in his attempt to force the game he was well caught in the slips by Lund off Rutter. The total mounted steadily until eight wickets were down for 153. Langdale, a left-hander, stood up manfully to the bowling, and the spectators followed the struggle with intense interest. Ballance, who had performed well in the first innings, was lured from his wicket by Edwards and easily stumped. With about ten minutes to go the last man came in—with 33 runs to get for victory. Despite all attempts to dislodge them they held out until time was called, when the score had reached 188 for nine wickets.

Scores:
BUCKS
L. G. Baker st E. H. Edrich b Ballance 100, W. B. Franklin b Ballance 11, A. Ratcliffe c Walker b Langdale 25, S. S. Peters b Boswell 5, G. S. Walker c Walker b Langdale 7, P. Isherwood b Boswell 7, R. F. B. O'Callaghan c Walker b Boswell 3, O. G. Battcock lbw b Boswell 6, R. H. Rutter c E. H. Edrich b Ballance 17, V. Lund not out 5, F. Edwards b Ballance 0; extras 8; total 194.

Second Innings
L. G. Baker st E. H. Edrich b Ballance 16, W. B. Franklin b Boswell 6, A. Ratcliffe lbw b Ballance 8, S. S. Peters b R. C. Rought-Rought 46, G. S. Walker c E. H. Edrich b R. C. Rought-Rought 16, P. Isherwood b G. Edrich 1, R. F. B. O'Callaghan c B. W. Rought-Rought b Langdale 43, O. G. Battcock c Falcon b Ballance 38, R. H. Rutter c G. Edrich b Ballance 6, V. Lund lbw b Ballance 3, F. Edwards not out 9; extras 5; total 197.

Bowling—Norfolk: Ballance 4 for 48, Boswell 4 for 30, Langdale 2 for 25. Second innings: R. C. Rought-Rought 2 for 72, Boswell 1 for 45, Ballance 5 for 75, Langdale 1 for 10, G. Edrich 1 for 8.

NORFOLK
D. F. Walker lbw b Battcock 8, H. E. Theobald lbw b Lund 8, B. W. Rought-Rought lbw b Battcock 5, G. Edrich lbw b Lund 16, E. H. Edrich c Baker b Battcock 8, M. Falcon not out 63, B. G. W. Stevens lbw b Battcock 3, G. R. Langdale b Lund 1, R. C. Rought-Rought b Lund 0, T. G. L. Ballance c Lund b Edwards 58, Boswell lbw b Edwards 0; extras 18; total 188.

Second Innings
D. F. Walker b Lund 22, H. E. Theobald b Lund 2, B. W. Rought-Rought c Franklin b Rutter 49, G. Edrich b Battcock 1, E. H. Edrich c Lund b Rutter 32, M. Falcon b Rutter 11, B. G. W. Stevens lbw b Edwards 15, G. R. Langdale not out 27, R. C. Rought-Rought st Franklin b Edwards 1, T. G. L. Ballance st Franklin b Edwards 8, Boswell not out 6; extras 14 total (9 wkts) 188.

Bowling—Bucks: Battcock 4 for 68, Lund 4 for 49, Edwards 2 for 12. Second innings: Battcock 1 for 40, Lund 2 for 47, Edwards 3 for 44, Rutter 3 for 43.