STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895 - 2

NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.
"A" DIVISION.
RESULT UP TO DATE.

Clubs.         Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
Crewe ............ 5 ... 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... 18
Porthill ......... 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1 ... 11
Burslem .......... 5 ... 2 ... 2 ... 1 ... 7
Tunstall ......... 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ... 6
Silverdale ....... 7 ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ... 6
County Club ..... 6 ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 6
Leek .............. 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 3
Norton ........... 6 ... 2 ... 2 ... 1 ... 5
Nantwich ........ 5 ... 1 ... 2 ... 2 ... 4
Neston ........... 5 ... 0 ... 1 ... 1 ... 1

"B" DIVISION.
UP TO AND INCLUDING JUNE 1st.

Clubs.         Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
Nantwich ........... 5 ... 5 ... 0 ... 0 ... 18
Audley .............. 6 ... 4 ... 1 ... 1 ... 9
Bignall End ....... 5 ... 4 ... 1 ... 0 ... 8
Leek Church ........ 6 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1 ... 6
Tunstall ............. 7 ... 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 6
Great Chell ....... 7 ... 2 ... 5 ... 0 ... 6
Porthill Church .... 6 ... 1 ... 4 ... 1 ... 5
Silverdale .......... 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 4
Cheadle ............. 6 ... 0 ... 5 ... 1 ... 1

Saturday last would not have been considered, for cricketers, a meteorological success. All the teams, however, met to fulfil their engagements, but unlike the matches that were played on the 25th ult.—when all the teams were favoured by the weather in the fashion—of the matches last week were drawn, and some were completed.

The principal match of the day was probably the one played by Burslem against the County at Stoke. It was considered all the most important by the fact that the County put in the field the strongest team it has ever played. In this match Mr. A. H. Heath figured for the first time in League cricket. Notwithstanding a good commencement by the County, when the scoring board showed two wickets down for 43 runs, the whole eleven could only muster 65 runs. This was the result of some splendid bowling by Hulme, who had the wonderful average of nine wickets for 25 runs. Burslem made but short work of this score, and at the completion of the game had scored 68 runs for five wickets. Brown, top notch, 31, and Brownfield 12, being the principal scorers. Burslem tried by five wickets and 3 runs.

The five-holders had a weak-end at Leek, where they opened the new Mountain Cricket Ground. This match was not completed, several adjournments for rain interfering with the game. Leek appeared to least advantage, and helped by a score of 45 by their professional Kirkby, and by Messrs. Wright and Brunt, who also scored usefully, the side manipulated 111 when it declared its innings closed with the loss of nine wickets. To this Crewe made rather a feeble response, and uncertain as the game is known to be, it can be safely assumed that Crewe is satisfied with the one point it has obtained. At 32 for four wickets by Crewe the game was abandoned.

Norton and Fenton saw the completion of their match. Fenton, backed up by a bit of good scoring at the completion of the innings, made 94 runs, a score which appeared at one time to be very improbable. Birtly, Rhodes, J. Turner, and Doce were the chief batsmen. Norton could only respond with 56 runs, and thus lost their fourth League match.

The scoring match of the day was played at Tunstall, where Porthill seems to have done with its home team pretty well what it liked. At 182 runs for three wickets, the lightest score for three wickets that has ever been recorded in the League, Porthill declared its innings closed, and Tunstall responded with but 102 runs, and thus were very easily beaten. In this match Porthill are to be congratulated upon the scores made by Messrs. Bennett and King, their professionals, who made 52 put out and 54 respectively, and H. F. Wood, 34, with Mr. Dean, who made 21. Tunstall's performance would have been mediocre in the extreme had it not have been for the last wicket performance by Messrs. Buckley (20) and Gater (25).

Silverdale journeyed to Nantwich, where another drawn game was played. Silverdale making the useful score of 123 when rain stopped play. Silverdale's record was strongly assisted by its left-handed batsmen—Messrs. Reynolds, Burrows, and Johnson, who made 45, 22, and 12 respectively. On Whit-Monday Silverdale met Burslem before a very large assembly of spectators, and although strongly opposed managed to be victorious. At Nantwich they inflicted a severe defeat upon the orthodox town, scoring 53 for two wickets against 54 by the Burslem team. This match was a most sensational one, 30 runs being scored by Burslem without the loss of a wicket, when almost with consecutive balls Hulme, Garner, Brownfield, and Brown were all taken, and the completion of the innings was simply a procession to the pavilion. Silverdale's score was almost entirely made by Messrs. Caulkin and Reynolds, who under the circumstances batted well and insured for their side a complete victory.

The principal features of these matches can be briefly noted. To make nearly 300 runs in an afternoon that is somewhat interfered with by rain, that has been previously stated, that Tunstall has the easiest scoring ground in the League. The 3rd out play of Burslem in the matches played on Saturday and Monday is another item that must be noted by those who follow League cricket. The position of the League table is becoming interesting, very little difference being noticeable between the position occupied by the clubs who hold the medium positions. None of the first three clubs have met each other at present, and there can be no doubt that the matches between them will be most eagerly contested. To-day all the teams are occupied again. Burslem v. Norton, County v. Leek, Porthill v. Fenton, Silverdale v. Crewe, and Tunstall v. Nantwich.

NANTWICH.

Rain again on Saturday set hopes and doubts at rest. Silverdale came over and scored 123 runs. The fine weather lasted exactly long enough for the completion of their innings. We had begun to ask ourselves the question whether the wicket and our men were good enough for 124 runs, and our people were shaking their heads, some up and down and somewhere mystifying! It is said N. Timings, "I was dry as a bone Friday, and over an hour was spent in story-telling in the pavilion. Stevenson was going to say something about the state of the wicket at Crewe, when it was discovered that "it's gone off," and visitors were turning out of their apartments with the umpires. The home side sent out Peerman and Holliwood, and no sooner had they marked the crease than a drizzle commenced. However, Peerman waited till 2 runs were got and then dubbed Lightfoot by cleaning the way for Stevenson. Two or three overs followed and half a dozen runs were added. Then the rain fell faster and the players returned to shelter. The spectators were now invisible, and the players were not long in deciding to share the two points, the game being left drawn.

The innings of Silverdale, whose style of play is known to Nantwich from many years' experience, had one very extraordinary feature. T. Clarke and J. Johnson have been companion bowlers since boyhood, and they have never bowled before last Saturday without doing some damage more or less serious. In this match, although they had a good turn each, neither of them took a single wicket. Clarke was beaten by his own side, twice at least. Peerman and Roberts were successful. For 25 Peerman took five wickets, and the other five fell to Roberts for only a few more runs. Nantwich have suffered for want of a change of bowlers, and it is gratifying to see this couple coming out so well.

The innings was also remarkable for bad fielding. Certainly the best part of it, T. P. Reynold's 43, was from fine fielding anything else. It is only fair to him to say so. His careful batting, something after Barlow's "stone-wall" style, was watched by the Nantwich supporters with a little impatience, but it must be admitted that some of our batsmen would do much better by following his example.

Nantwich have always had a reputation for good fielding—far their ability to save, as well as to get runs. They fielded somewhat indifferently against Crewe, and badly against Silverdale. There is a good reason why. It is simply want of practice. When the contention remained implied that he had begun to wait. When the good fiddler he was once enough to say that what he wanted was plenty of practice. Good cricketers, like good fiddlers, cannot play well without continued practice.

I am glad to say it is not the fault of the Webbers that they have not been up equally for practice. Desponding for their existence more upon work than play, they have been obliged to attend to work first, and that has kept most of them going lately till dark. Tom Bullock was quite right when he said on being asked why he was out of form. "You can't expect a chap to work as long as it is light, and everyday we are practising during the week, and also keep up his form in fielding or batting on Saturday afternoon, the only time he is free." They have been working harder lately to make up a little for bad times. They will have more leisure now for practice, and we shall soon find the Wycher himself again, like Richard.

Mr. A. N. Hornby had promised to play for Nantwich against Silverdale, but found himself in the morning unable to appear in the field. Mr. Charles Hassall was another absentee from the scene of play, but he found his way to the pavilion. Asked why he did not don his white silk, he naively said "Not picked." There's some misunderstanding about this, surely.

SECOND TEAM.

The undefeated champions of the second division of the League made their first appearance at Silverdale. Our captain winning the toss, sent in G. Heath and H. Sheraton, to the bowling of Elleston and Rushton. Hinds made 21, when he was caught by Wymer. Heath, who came next, usually troubles the bowler, but, owing to some misunderstanding, the privilege was denied him on this occasion, for he was run out after making 4. Hill, who has failed to show up to expectation in the batting line before now, retaliated upon 14. Walker and Hall gave very little assistance to Sheraton, who, considered by past self, but can no longer encourage. He drove fiercely. They stayed together till the total was 135 for five wickets, N. Sheraton carrying his bat out for a splendidly played 75. The captain unfortunately ended in a draw. Rain stopped play when the home team had lost two wickets for 31, W. Edwards best returning to the field. His did not have an example, but he is a good acquisition and [unclear]

BURSLEM.
(By "LONSTO.")

I don't know whether it was the bad weather or the anniversary of my failing in the canal, or the approach of the full moon, but I had an idea that something would happen this Whit-Monday. And I had a chance of giving away where I should have clinched myself with a gloriously happy contentment, but instead of that I started to see Burslem play cricket. That is—looking at it from this point of view sufficient to get me off any serious charge on the plea of insanity.

The game, Burslem v. County Club, had been ushered into the world half-an-hour when I reached the Stoke ground on Saturday; but. With some trepidation I cast an eye over these incomparable, and I found it was a healthy infant, 40 years up for two wickets, and Messrs. Hulme and Brownfield limping themselves to the dictation of Brown and Hulme. When somebody told me that Harden had brought her, I was filled with the pity, and I had a long to pay to fill a man higher than myself. Afterwards I was reminded that putting them in came off, and that Burslem won, but I don't care for that. I believe that we lost the day has been by that principle; and, although it recovered on Saturday, it would not do nineteen times out of twenty against the same eleven. After this stage of 40—a very judicious change was made, "Tommy" replacing Hulme, and afterwards the Derbyshire pair, changed ends. After that time; home Fortune seemed to turn wickets on Hulme. That said his hit, and secured, like Oliver Twist, to want more, and in all he had a splendid average of also for 22. The County's total was—

Burslem commented—confidently, remembering that she had never yet been got out for less than 65 during the tournament. Three good wickets for 11—Woodall, Hulme, and Lynam—looked as black as the threatening clouds that were hanging above, but when Brown awarded player for 14 in four balls I began to emit smiles; and resolute hitting by Brownfield (18) and Brown (31) put out, made a victory by five wickets a certainty. No one else did anything that warranted me in advertising them in this journal.

THE SILVERDALE MATCH.

Were you there? If so, you ought to have some of your money back; if not, you should return thanks every quarter of an hour. It was awful. I thought of commiserating this part with a series of advertisements; there is no opening for me offering the club as a going concern, very much gone, but I don't think I should get an order for Sam's headed "Lots, stolen, or strayed?" for Sam's recovery would have been worth inserting, but I fear he's been around, too. Well, let me get it over. I want to describe all right, and returned dirty, but what happened between the coming and going I should like to blot out of my recollection for ever. And it was all so easily done, too. Sit round and let me tell you. Silverdale turned up at half-past three o'clock, having been delayed by a railway accident. It looks there any of them much I could have desired that accident to have been exchanged for an earthquake. When they had their men ready they took the field, and Burslem commenced to bat. The commencement was right enough, for thirty wore at the tosser before a wicket went down, but after that the light went out of my heart, and I sat and pondered whether an over running three As I had pem for 8 runs, resuming to a complete figure for 21, 19s. 6d.—heare, horse, and coffin—and whether my Burslem half-penny club burial society was paid up. Hulme (who had made 25), Corber, Brownfield, and Brown were out in two overs, and the rest of the side were morally not before they went in. Meakin lashed out at the finish and made 10 not out, and the side was out for 54. Nine men made 16 runs between them, and without assistance.

Burslem's batting was bad enough in all conscience, but the fielding was worse. Silverdale never played a weaker team, being minus Lightfoot and Wallatts, who played in the first match at Silverdale, when Burslem won so easily. It was soonest needed on the old motto, and I shall certainly be surprised by saying that the team will repeat its defeats, and show to the public by what it is so generously supported that the mistakes of the day will be immediately remedied, and future performances show that the batting, bowling, and fielding form of Whit-Monday was not true form. Let us hope so.

WESLEYAN.

On Saturday last we visited the Smallthorne club on their ground at New Ford. The home team won the toss, and put the visitors in on a fairly good wicket. The start was a good one, the first wicket falling at 13, and the second at 26; but after this our wickets fell rapidly, and the whole of us were dismissed for the poor total of 39. Holdcroft and Graskell being the chief contributors to this with 13 and 8 respectively. The home team, unlike us, started fairly, but finished up well. Five wickets went down before the required number were knocked off, but the remaining two brought the total score up to 112. Thus the home team won by a very large majority, which might have been considerably less had our fielding been anything like.

On Saturday we visit Knypersley, when we are hoping to have a very pleasant outing.

SILVERDALE.
(By THE G.C.O.L.M.)

Dull and dismal was the morning, and sour and savage the temper of the village martyrs when they embarked for Nantwich last Saturday.

The town of leather was reached in time, and nothing being apparently wrong with the wicket the dusky ones chose an innings. Burrows went in with his captain, Brownfield 52, knocking off 9 lost kind, as hastily made 22, while W. R. Cooke 9 lost the empire walking him to retire at this venue. Umpires' wishes are commands, so the sunny-haired (if not at this juncture) sunny-tempered one, retired to a neighbouring ditch bank, where he read 27 different copies of "Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual." Rule 24, he caused, does say "that if the batsman stops the ball with any part of his person when it would hit the wicket he shall be out;" but Rule 22 says "if he plays it with his hand and the ball is taken he shall be out—caught." Does this mean that a man playing right hard with the back of his glove is "lbw"? "Still these troubled thoughts," said the philosopher pensiveiy, "I am never put but mortal." "True," said the aggrieved hero, "but I won't thin ones, and as we hoped.

Reynolds came in to do penance, but no one would stop with him until "Ab" appeared. The two unincidents came stayed about an hour, when the younger one was tired. Lightfoot, the lively one, made a dozen, but no one else did much, the innings closing for 123, of which Reynolds (45) made by good sterling batting. It is worthy of notice that neither Clarke nor Johnson took a wicket. Hassell was a spectator on the field. A long period of stoppage through rain followed. As a matter of fact the rain was the only thing that did not stop, but to please the leather-lunged one, the umpires lasted a few overs until it became a regular downpour, in which time Nantwich lost one wicket after 9 runs. Peerman still like Burke started, and all the way home.

The second eleven, minus Beeston, could not do much with Nantwich second, who made 122 for five wickets, but the youngsters made 31 for one, and honours rested easy.

Monday was set apart for the special purpose of amusing the children of the "Mothers' town." Those who went in the morning were lucky, as the engine having perhaps some idea of what it had to carry, broke down at Madeley-end, and it was fully an hour and a quarter late before the stragglers, some rodding by train, some by shank's mare, and others by parole post, were ready to begin.

I should the ground to see 50 go up for no wicket and Holmes and Garner batting, from which I concluded Silverdale was fielding. As ekidy gentleman of commanding presence (that I have seen afterwards [unclear] was Grands! approached me, and said sternly, "I understand you have not brought your best team. Do you think anything good enough for Burslem?" I meekly answered, "I dunno; I will work it out by decimals and tell you later on." At this point came a shout, and somebody said Hulme or Garner was out. Mine shortly, signifying I suppose more ones," and I met the "desperately wicked," and held by N. B. Wood, "I am," I have run just "Longstop." I stand and passed on. Scutshoe everyone seemed to be in the rain desolate. I almost recovered five or six, but