STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 15 JUNE 1895.-1

NOTES AND COMMENTS.

Readers will hardly be prepared for the statement of a correspondent that early this morning ice, the thickness of a penny, was found at Peel Brook, near Bucknall. It was undoubtedly very cold last evening for the time of the year, and even after the sun had risen this morning the air was unusually keen. Nevertheless, the outlook for cricketers as noon approached was fairly satisfactory, and there seemed every prospect of the various local engagements being entered upon and completed without much interruption from rain or cold.

Staffordshire played the Second Eleven from the Oval on Monday and Tuesday at Stoke, and the home team were beaten by six wickets. There was, however, several conclusions of a consoling nature to be drawn from the game. The first—and by many it will be considered the most important—is that the match does not count in the second-class championship. Had this been otherwise Staffordshire would most likely have suffered a heavier defeat still, for King (Potthill), who was the mainstay of the batting in their first innings, and afterwards proved himself almost as useful with the ball, was not qualified for the county, having been born in Nelson territory. He came to this district a few months ago.

Another point which will tend to lighten the sorrows of Staffordshire cricketers is that the Surrey second string have not been defeated for three seasons past, and even brought off a drawn game yesterday with Lancashire although the latter batted the grand total of 468 in their first innings. But the fact that the Staffordshire men have improved all round since their defeat by Northamptonshire a fortnight ago is the circumstance which will afford most pleasure to true cricketers, for what manner whether points be won or lost that the play is witnessed worthy to be called cricket. And then to crown all the writer was informed by one of the Surrey eleven that we Staffordshire people under our own county to cricket matters; that the County eleven are a very good lot, and the Surrey men considered them one of the very best among second-class counties. They were sorry they could not say the same for the ground, which, with all due respect to Hanon, usually most successful in the treatment of turf, is must be said was not good. It was bumpy on the first day, while on Tuesday every ball sent up a cloud of dust, and about three yards in front of the hotel wickets a large piece was completely worn out.

MACCLESFIELD.

The week called Whit, when straw deckers and multi-coloured ties abounded, is finished. To those whose interests lie in the happy valley the finish was as brilliant as could well wished for, but we, Macclesfield way, cannot congratulate ourselves. When Bollington adopts the fixture-card we generally expect a slating; but when it became known that both Turner and Harvey were off the team for Saturday, the classic brow of Mr. Sera was unwrinkled in his contentment, for he thought we had a chance. We always have with Bollington; perhaps if we hadn't we should do better. It was not a victory, but a regular slaughter.

We have been more fortunate with the toss than the matches lately, and on Saturday again went to the wickets first. Johnstone and Shewrell were not long together, the former's wicket falling after the first run, Kenyon working the trick with a catch. Plant was a little more fortunate, but after batting half a dozen with his first two drives, he was coolly driven for singles, and he also was dismissed by Kenyon for 7. Shatwell meanwhile had contributed half a dozen, so that the second wicket fell at 13. Sheldon joined Shatwell and we content for some little time to let his partner appropriate the runs. Twenty was soon telegraphed, but 6 runs later Sheldon retired for 4, and his place was filled by Trodd. Trodd seemed to shape about as well as the rest, and after playing three singles off Pointon let one off the Bollington pro.'s in, and Tommy after performing a gymnastic feat with his bat retired.

Kenyon also altered his style of bowling, and adopted Pointon's idea and easy go-as-you-please kind of delivery. Result, £20 increased the score by 2 and sought seclusion in the woodland's shade awaiting his turn to field. (5 for 36). This was glorious, and we bid fair to lose all the wickets for something under 50. Rothwell, however, made a stand, and before Shatwell, who had been batting from the commencement, loft him, he pulled the total up to 44. Another of Pointon's tempe's drew Rothwell out, but he failed to get fairly hold of the ball, which slipped into Green's hands, and he retired after the best innings of the day (for Macclesfield) for 20. Smale only managed a boundary and Sheldon even less. This left Frost and Hopkinson in with the score at 59 and one wicket to fall. Hopkinson was content with singles, but Frost flew for higher game. After making the first two balls, and giving us all a quaim, he got Pointon away for 3 and sent 60 up. His next hit also was a boundary, and after a single he lanoled another boundary, which completed the 70. It was two good to last, however, for after Hopkinson had again got away, Pointon drove him out, and Furness seizing the opportunity lifted the balls, and finished the innings, the Macclesfield total standing at 74.

The memory of a few other encounters Bollington way is still pretty green, and hopes of anything like a decent finish were at zero. Pointon and Holbrook opened the batting against Trodd and Frost, the first over of each produced 4 runs and the second 4 and 5 respectively. Our 74 began to look sick. Twenty was soon telegraphed, and at 25, Holbrook received his quietus, at the hands of Trodd for 11. Armitt joined Pointon at the wicket, but before long Trodd again effected a separation, and after completely beating Pointon twice with the third ball took his wicket.

The crowd applauded, and the cries of "well done Tommy" indicated that Trodd has even yet a certain amount of popularity Bollington way.

Rothwell has replaced Frost, but seemed to get on little better, for both Armitt and Furness fairly punished the bowling. Ten after ten kept tottering up until at last 50 was reached amidst applause. At 63, however, Rothwell bowled for a catch and got it, Furness retiring for 17.

Pointon, brother to the pro., followed on, and after a goodly sprinkling of extras, together with a small matter of 24 by Armitt, had raised the total to 94, Armitt retired caught and bowled by Shatwell. Our total had long since been passed, and what was left of the Bollington team went in for increasing their averages. Green was with Pointon, jun., and at 6 10, 100 went up, and more in sorrow than anger I left them to fight it out.

A glance at the score book shows a magnificent innings by Green of 32, not out, 19 by Pointon, and 17 by Claye, bringing the Bollington total up to 157 for eight wickets. What a pity it did not rain.

After the display at Sandbach the fielding of the team was simply wretched not only in this, but in the majority of positions, and the only wonder is that Bollington did not score more. Twice Pointon was missed before he had started scoring, and towards the finish another couple of ridiculously easy catches were thrown away. The extras given numbered 30! Truly a splendid accomplishment for any wicket-keeper.

To-day Levenhulme away, when it is to be hoped the team will at any rate prove themselves triers.

The second team did even worse, and after a total of 40, in which F. Wood's 15 was a shining light, allowed Bollington to get 134.

Tommy Lunt, of full back fame, made a promising debut at Buxton, playing for the second team against Buxton College on Wednesday, making 20. Mr. C. Lunt made 6, and the report which has spread abroad stated that T. Lunt is the son of Mr. Sam Lunt is not correct. Neither is the suspicion circulated obtained 68. J. W. Marsh, of the College eleven, scored 97 off his own bat. Comment is superfluous. I am going to Buxton this week-end to see the reason.

BASFORD.

We should have gone to the High School on Saturday to play the boys, but owing to their ground not being good we arranged for them to visit us, and both sides had the pleasure of batting on a wicket that was as good as possible. Mather having won the toss decided to bat, sending in the brothers Stewart. A. Stewart began to hit soon, but at 9 was bowled by Tittmright in trying to hit a good one to leg. Parkes was caught in the slips by Nichols. English then joined J. H. Stewart, and play was steady for a time, English being caught at the wicket after putting 21 to his credit. Shrubsole now came in, and after playing steadily for a few overs both batsmen made things lively, Stewart at last being caught and bowled by Lawrence. Holah made 70 by really first-class cricket, and well deserved the applause he was received with. The Rev. A. Paice did not stay long, being bowled for 4, and Shewall made 2 when the chances was applied, Shrubsole being not out for a well-played 35. Total 151 for five wickets. The School began with Chadwick and E. G. Nichols. Chadwick was bowled by Hughes with the score at 8. R. R. Nichols now joined his brother, and a long stand was made, the telegraph showed 58 before E. G. was bowled. He had played a very steady game, while his brother was scoring well. Shewell was caught as the wicket for 7, and Eames was soon bowled by Rev. A. Paice. Time was called when the score was five for 63, J. R. L. Nichols being not out 65, made a good style.

DRESDEN CHUBCH.

Saturday last found the above club at Sandyford to play the return match. After losing on the previous Saturday the committee chose the best men in the hope of a win, but that hope died a natural death. Sandyford commenced to bat, against the bowling of Willshaw and Sadler. Four wickets soon fell, but the fielding was not up to the mark. W. Coggins after a time relieved Willshaw, and Copnall strove took Sadler's place. When the score reached 49 the last wicket was taken. Willshaw took five wickets for 19 runs, and W. Coggins four wickets for 4 runs, and Sadler one wicket for 9 runs. Dresden commenced to bat against excellent bowling, and a procession was witnessed with much pleasure by the spectators to and from the pavilion. The team were all out for 21. G. Baker, the Sandyford howler, was in grand form with the ball and took six wickets for 5 runs.

The second team played Caverswall Amateurs at home, and they shared the same fate as the first team. D. Potter took eight wickets for 11 runs.

To-day the first team have to make Albion for their visitors, and the second team visit Longton Zion to play their return match.

AUDLEY.

We went to Chell on Saturday to play the Chell club in connection with the North Staffordshire Second League. We were rather late, and a start was made at 3.45. We batted first, sending in D. Henshall and J. Tinsmis to face the bowling of Davis and Leese. Henshall was caught by Wood for a duck. Timmis and H. Lawrence started well, and the 25 of Lawrence helped us up. Only 5 were scored by the other nine. The innings closed at 65; extras 7. The Chell team made a very bad start, the first six wickets falling for 15 runs, and it looked a sure win for us. However, Hargreaves commenced to lash out, and punished our bowling. We missed several chances, and luck was against us. Chell won by 6 runs, and deserve the points for their plucky play. We went down at Chell last year. We play Bignall End to-day at home. We have no more League matches at home till nine weeks to-day, when we receive Nantwich.

KEELE.

I can't help it; it is not my fault, and I know your readers (including those who borrow the paper, as well as those who sport and plack down the nimble "mug") will be disappointed; but facts are facts, and we are not at it again. Last Saturday we actually won easily. Hanford came and were conquered. This being their first visit, we were prepared to do the thing as handsomely as usual, and—down in our usual manner. But by some mistake on their part, some of the batsmen would stay with Johnson, but one as fast as they decently could. H. Crosse (4), and J. Wilson (2), and extras (5), and total (11) were the only ones to score at all, and these were nine ducks. Jones had the very good analysis of six wickets without a run. He did the hat trick once and just missed it again. Then having 11 to make we went to bat, and did none too well. Williams and Cooper dividing our wickets amongst them. George Taylor (15, not out), F. Knight (9), the Rector (6), Barrett (6). Four 2s and three ducks, and the total was 44 as 6 15. A second innings resulted in Hanford getting 45 for eight wickets, including 10 extras. J. Nicklin taking seven of their wickets, and as we won through Jones' wonderful bowling performance made that innings. His has has not arrived yet. Tuesday we do the necessary leather hunting at Betley.

JUNIOR CRICKET GOSSIP.

Nantwich Second are still to the front. They accomplished a good performance on Saturday by defeating Tunstall Second. The merits of the performance was not merely in defeating the Tunstall team, but in playing such an uphill game, which seemed much against them. The game took place at Nantwich, and batting first the visitors did not make a good start, as three wickets were down for 17. Upon Ball and Webster joining, however, the runs came freely, when Ball was run out, having contributed an invincible, but somewhat lucky 82. Webster continued to score, and was greeted by A. Lockett, whilst the bad fielding of the visitors gave 32 runs, a fact which in itself clearly shows the slovenly manner in which the homesters went about the field. Webster obtained 22 and A. Lockett 21 runs respectively. Hanwich then went to the wickets, but with the exception of Hill nothing of note was done until the latter was partnered by Bullock, and at a critical period these two obtained a complete mastery over the bowling. They raised the total to 68 for six wickets before Hill was bowled for a splendid 40. Walter (15) and Crewe (14) aided Bullock to knock off the runs, and the homesters won the game by 27 runs. Bullock batted finely for 35 not out.

Silverdale Second and Bignall End met on the ground of the latter. The visitors batted first, but the bowling of Burge and Dale was much too good for them, and it not been for a plucky display by J. Ellam (22), a new recruit, Bignall End won again. The innings closed for 43, Dale and Booth being mainly the wicket. The visitors did not show form above the average, but it was a shade better than that of their opponents, and victory rested on their side by four wickets. G. Burgess batted well for 21, as did Dale for 13.

Silverdale Primitives met Bucknall Church, on the ground of the latter. The homesters winning the toss, elected to bat, but this was a doubtful advantage, as they gave a wretched display, and were all dismissed for the paltry score of 25. W. Lowe was responsible for this collapse, as he actually captured eight wickets for 10 runs. Against this the visitors showed decidedly superior form with the bat, and with only three wickets down the match was won. The total had reached 62 for six wickets. Edwards (25) and Ford (18) batted well.

Lawton Park met Middleport. The visitors (Middlesport) batted first, but, making exceptional was done with the bat. H. Richardson (11) and Bayley (11) were the only two to gain double figures, and the whole side were got rid of for 45. Against this the homesters showed somewhat better, all round form, as with one exception only the whole of the members contributed to the score, extras being heaviest with 17, T. Cope (12) and V. Boulton (10 not out) showed fair form. The innings closed for 79, thus leaving the homesters winners.

Hanford not having a League match to play, journeyed to Keele, and no doubt this game will long remain in their memories. Batting first they put together the tremendous total of 11 runs, 5 of these being byes. These, however, were distributed between Cooper (4) and Wilson (2), leaving side man down in ducks.

Jones had the remarkable average of six wickets for no runs.

The homesters had little difficulty in knocking off the runs, but with the exception of G. Taylor (not out 13) no one showed form above the average, and the whole side were dismissed for 44.

Fenton Second received a visit from Knypersley. The homesters batted first and some fair form was shown throughout the innings, several members just failing to gain double figures after batting in promising style. Wright was top scorer with 19, when he was unluckily run out. The innings closed for 96. The visitors then went to the wickets, but no stand was made against the bowling of Sandland and Crewe, the doctor. The score was increased to 41 before Dr. Tindall was given out leg before after compiling 12. T. Upton helped Taylor, who was batting very freely. H. G. Lawrence contributed 9, W. G. Stephenson and Taylor carried their bats. The latter had just completed his 50, which added to 56, not out, makes a fair average. When stumps were drawn Drayton had knocked together 102 for four wickets.

BURSLEM BOYS' CRICKET LEAGUE.

                        Played   Won   Lost   Drawn   Pts.
Clubs
St. John    .. .. ..     5   ....   4   ....   1   ....   0   ....   8
Hill Top    .. .. ..     5   ....   3   ....   1   ....   1   ....   7
North Road  .. .. ..     5   ....   3   ....   0   ....   2   ....   6
Granville's .. .. ..     5   ....   3   ....   0   ....   2   ....   6
Caribello   .. .. ..     4   ....   2   ....   1   ....   1   ....   5
Middlesbro  .. .. ..     4   ....   2   ....   1   ....   1   ....   5
Longport    .. .. ..     5   ....   2   ....   2   ....   1   ....   5
Ubridge Church  .. ..    3   ....   1   ....   1   ....   1   ....   3
Westgate    .. .. ..     4   ....   0   ....   3   ....   1   ....   1

                          BEST BATTING.
F. Bates, Longport, 22.
E. Edwards, Longport, 19 (not out).
                        BEST BOWLING.
J. Whittingham, Longport, ten wickets for 4 runs.
W. Robinson, Wesloyan, six wickets for 19 runs.