STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL : SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895 - 4

poor start, Bagshaw being bowled without scoring, Lytton and Lock then got together, and hit up some runs, but when a parting was effected, the remainder of the wickets fell rapidly, the wickets being drawn for 63 runs, and seven men out. Bagshaw took four wickets for 24, and Parr two for 10.

Leek Highfield Second played Oakamoor Second at Leek on Saturday and won by 21 runs. Leek batted first, the highest scorers being Morley and Bishop. The total realised 62. Johnson took five wickets for 12 runs. The visitors replied with 42. Rainne was not out 15. W. Broster took seven wickets for 11 runs.

Leek Church Club were engaged on Monday in a League fixture with Bignall End, and lost. The game should have been a draw.

CLOUGH HALL.

The Thursday's team against Bucknall Church were again successful. It would appear so far that this team is stronger than that of the Second League team, and yet it has not the same opportunities for practice. Bucknall had little luck at the commencement of the game, and but for the staying powers of Berrisford would have made a sorry show. The batman played a slow but sure game, and was not out for 17. Warburton and Paskin both bowled well, and the visitors were disposed of for 44 runs. Thursday would appear to have been Warburton's day, and he was ably supported by Wright when wielding the bat, and the lustials was even with the loss of two wickets for 42, though play was carried on without a murmur of the score given to 68. On Monday the club were successful in their competition against Audley, but it was evident that the attractions at the Hall drew away the spectators from the match. To-day the team has the *pleasure* of meeting Stone club, and it *is to be hoped* that it will prove successful. It is quite time that it did so, as one of the earliest *crutches* of the season its efforts were futile.

HANLEY Y.M.C.A.

Two matches and two victories in one week is good business. A Thursday team having been formed they played their first match on May 30th against Stoke Post Office. The Y.M.C.A. at the score of 103 for two wickets declared their innings closed, Hardwicke and Salmon retiring with 57 (not out) and 20 (not out) respectively to their credit. The Post Office were all out for 57, leaving as winners by the handsome majority of eight wickets and 46 runs. For the Post Office, Boullemnne (9), Shirley (13), and Bigley (6) were the highest contributors. On Saturday last we visited Fenton to play our return match with Mount Pleasant. We were rather surprised, however, to find they had such a poor second considering their Alliance matches have to be played thereon, but we played the match nevertheless, and after an exciting game won by 10 on the totals reading: Y.M.C.A., 64; Fenton, 51. For the Y.M.C.A., Hardwicke (34) and Salmon (11) were again the highest scorers, while the bowling analysis was: Hardwicke six for 17; Parry, two for 5; and Richardson two for 18.

CREWE.

For two weeks rain has interfered with two of the most important fixtures on the Alexandra list, and it is still a mystery whether Crewe would have beaten Nantwich, or whether Leek would have knocked the champions off their perch. Still the fact remains that the Moorlanders had made 111, while Crewe had lost four of their very best bats for 32.

Judging from the remarks which have been made by the Crewe contingent, it would appear they had a most enjoyable outing in the Moorlands, and I venture to predict that it would not take much persuasion to entice them into that district again. They speak highly of their drive to Buxtonian, and also for the hospitality they received from the family of the Leek cricketers, who did everything to make their visit a convivial one. I am given to understand "Little Jerry" was the recipient of a hearty vote of thanks for his assiduous attention towards his guests.

Speaking from a cricketer point of view, the most successful man on the Crewe side appears to be Riley, who certainly distinguished himself as a bowler on Saturday against Leek. He took seven wickets for 28 runs, while on Monday against Highfield he was also responsible for five wickets for 20 runs. The others have not done anything extraordinary.

THE ALEXANDRA "A" TEAM.

If there was any doubt existing as to the merits of either the Alexandra "A" team or the Athletic, I should imagine this has been removed, for the Alexandra fairly got the upper-hand of their opponents in a friendly match, played on the ground of the former. The batting of the home team was the feature of the play, and the score which was obtained by S. Fleet is worthy of recognition. He became completely master of the situation, and let hitting out right and left he managed to get 53 (not out), which the innings was declared closed at 133 for eight wickets. Pobbearn also made 34 in good style, while Livemore (25) and Boardman (23) also rendered material resistance towards the big total.

The visitors commenced very badly, as seven wickets fell in rapid succession; but when W. Hinckley and Hayes got together a stubborn stand was made. Twenty-four runs were compiled during their association. Still they were all dismissed for 50, and the Alexandra "A" team won very easily.

The Permian-at-Way had no fixture.

The High Town Wolesgrams opposed the Primitives on the latter's ground, and got slightly the worst of the argument, as the home representatives knocked up 59 for six wickets, and closed their innings. Clarke being not out 31, and Crickall 22.

The Wesleyans had also but six wickets for 43 when stumps were drawn, leaving the match uncompleted.

The Hightown "A" team secured a very easy victory over Beleer "A" eleven, as the village had managed to get 43 during their term of office. Maddock, Bailey, and Mr. Extras being responsible for 19 each. When the Hightowners got to work they soon settled the question who were the best exponents, and C. Foster, playing good all-round cricket, piled on 65 before he was dismissed. F. Robinson 15, and J. Sepleton 7, also batted well for their respective scores.

The Congregational made a very creditable draw with the Sixth Umtion at Whitemore, as the Crewe contingent made 52, of which P. Pamment 18, and C. Holding 12, were the principal contributors. The Stoke had lost seven wickets for 47 when time was called.

At Abraham, the financial secretary of the Alexandra Club, has just issued his annual financial statement and report for the past year. From a brief perusal it would appear that this important club is in a flourishing condition. Last year the balance carried forward was £584 5s. 11d. while at the present occasion the balance is £1119 6s. 5d. This is a matter for congratulation, as no club or organization can expect to prosper without good financial prospects, which can only be obtained by good management, and this is one special feature in the history of the Crewe Alexandra Club.

Don't forget the Alexandrians next week. There will be several important encounters, the presence of Chorley, Bentley, the English champion tyros, and A. H. Donner, the Scottish champion in the 100 yards scratch, will be worth witnessing; while E. C. Bradsa, the half-mile champion, and other high-class luminaries in the athletic world should make the forthcoming festival of the Crewe Alexandra one of the best yet held.

BIGNALL END.

This club had no League fixture last Saturday, the vacancy being filled up by the League team playing twenty-two members of the Wesleyan adult class, which is composed of players out of both Bignall End and the Audley clubs. J. White, the hon. sec. of the home club, and a member of the adults' class had charge of the twenty-two. The League team won the toss and decided to bat, E. Mayer and W. Mayer going to the wickets to oppose the bowling of White and Taylor. A good start was made, 25 being scored before the first wicket fell. The League team all batted well, compiling 111 runs before they were dismissed, several howlers were tried and all came in for their share of punishment. The adults' class then commenced to bat, and G. Burgess (captain) and E. Mayer started the bowling. W. Silvester going behind the wickets. Before any runs were scored H. Fox was run out, and the next three wickets fell for 1 run to G. Burgess, who clean bowled them in two overs. The whole lot were disposed of for 27 runs, George Burgess taking twelve wickets for 9 runs.

On Whit-Monday the hon. sec. had wisely arranged for his team to journey to Leek to play the League fixture with Church club. A good number of supporters accompanied the team. The Church club had not lost a match previous to last Monday for two seasons. We won the toss, and sent the usual pair, W. Mayer and B. Mayer in to bat, the bowling being shared by Matthews and Byrne. A good start was made, 25 being scored before the first wicket fell. E. Mayer was bowled with an easy ball by Milner, for a well played 17. G. Burgess, captain, joined the vice-captain, and both batsmen treated the spectators to a bit of grand batting. Several changes of bowling took place, but to no avail. It was knocked all over the field, and the score rose to 73 before a separation was effected. G. Burgess succumbed to a catch by Byrne off Milner for a well-played 28. W. Mayer, unfortunately run out when he had scored 23 by good cricket, being one of the first men in and fifth out. E. Johnson and T. Burgess now became partners, and another stand was made, the bowling being severely punished by T. Burgess, who made some big hits and caused the 100 to go up amid loud cheers. E. Johnson contributed 11, and T. Burgess was top scorer for 40. The innings realised 145, the highest score on the ground for a long time.

The home team commenced with Matthews and Byrne, T. Burgess and J. Dale shared the bowling. With the total of, Matthews jumped in front of the stumps, and was hit with the ball from the bowler, and was out, lbw. The next four batsmen made the runs. Wood made 10, and then was well bowled by T. Burgess. Byrne could get no one to stay with him long. He played a good game, and would have lasted till close play if he had not bowled his example. He played a not out innings for 33. The innings realised 50. The score of 145 was too large for them, and it was very evident that the Church club wanted to make a draw.

On Whit-Wednesday we had as visitors Congleton Fenge Mills, who are a popular team at Bignall End. They were not fully represented, Wild (captain) and one or two others being absentees. There were a good number of spectators present. The visitors won the toss, and decided to bat, T. Cliffe and W. Sheared going in to the wickets to oppose the bowling of T. Burgess and J. Dale. With the total of 4 Sheard *was caught* by Rowley, off Dale, for 3. The innings realised 48, the top scorers being T. Cliffe (18) and J. Lomas (11). I am sorry to chronicle an accident that befel the hon. sec. of the Forge Mills Club (T. Cliffe), who received a severe blow in the eye from a ball whilst going from the fast bowler. He was batting in splendid style, and had contributed 18 when he was hit. He was led off the field, and had the injury attended to, and left it home on the 4:20 train. We all sincerely hope that he will soon recover from the effects, and that he will soon again be found in the Forge Mills team.

The home team were represented at the wickets by W. Mayer and E. Mayer. A good start was made, 15 being scored before E. Mayer was bowled by Huxley. A. Jake joined W. Mayer, and a good batting performance was witnessed. They pursued the bowling severely, and a separation was not effected till the Forge Mills men had compiled by 20 runs. The telegraph board read 68-22, W. Mayer making the latter number in good style. J. Dale played well for 31, T. Burgess for 20, Sylvester for 13 (not out), and George Burgess for 12. The innings realised 115, and the home team won their third Whitmundside match by 66 runs.

In three matches played this Whitsuntide Bignall End have totalled 366 runs, which is a splendid performance. After particulars of refreshments at the headquarters of the club, the Forge Mills team trecked up to a *miscellaneous* concert, which was heartily enjoyed by all present. One of the team was called upon to sing "After the Ball," but he quickly retired. Enough of that; I have been after it all the afternoon."

MACCLESFIELD.

I like Sandbach. There is a quaintness about the figures and surroundings that lends a familiarity which always makes a visit pleasant. Moreover its ground and surroundings are eminently suited for followers of our summer sport. Mr. Sani, Mr. Peacock, or any one else who has had the good fortune to be placed at square leg from the top wicket will readily bear me out. The amount of speed a fielder can put into a sprint after a ball towards the Wharf Sheet is astonishing.

It was a sorrowful party which left Macclesfield, home, and beauty, westward bound, on Saturday at 1:30, for Horns, the pride and flower of the town, *was* minus. Senn was ditto, but the news of the latter's absence having been broken to the team early in the week the edge of the *grief* was blunted. An air of indomitable and commendable mysterious humour around, and on the way Nature, in a sympathetic mood, wept with us for the loss of the missing one. Now if there is one pleasant summons in all the world it is that of riding in an open brake when it is raining. It beats anything into fits. The preliminary canter on the part of J. Perkins *was, however*, soon over, for he was saving his strength for the last burst.

The familiar figure of the genial W.M.L., strolling up to the wicket, followed by Armistead, backwards the loss of the toss by Macclesfield, who had elected to patton? to examine the pitch, more favourably towards the earlier, and Bowcock had his tricks in Latham had the bad luck to be captured at 42. I therefore tried and came back in all at square-leg, expecting our friend to be working at it still. And so he was, but not in the fashion I had anticipated. Twice in Tudor first, on Latham having been on the boundary, but when Frost took up position the look of determination round his mouth boded evil. With his first ball he distributed Armistead's hands as clean as a whistle, with the score at 6. A few wickets followed the arrival of Perrard, and for a little time both he and Latham batted cautiously. Tenn was telegraphed, and then Tradd got his field for a catch-and got it himself, Perrard returning his ball right into Trudd's hands. Both the next batsmen came out for a duck, and at the fall of the fourth wicket 23 runs only had been scored. When Lawrence joined Latham the score was given another lift, but had only advanced by 10 when Latham succumbed to Trudd after a *discerning* of 17.

The next calculation one usually indulges in as this passed of an innings, four wickets down for 20, eight for 40, and 50 forth, proved somewhat *unreliable*, for both Lawrence and Sheffield settled down to business, and for a quarter of an hour runs came steadily. Before a dissolution was effected another 15 had been telegraphed, but even this, with the 7 *for Boston, who followed, did not materially affect the forecast. It fell to Marriott to help the team out of the difficulty, and he did it right manfully. A single off Trudd was followed by a boundary, and then, after a *few* febles, just to see how the bowling would stand, he later couple over the hedge to touch successive Hockeyes moves also a merry innings whilst it lasted, and Peacock, who has been put on for a change bowler, had four immaculates hit of him in his first four overs. At 5 20 the century was telegraphed, anidst hearty applause, and I began to wonder what was wrong with the mental calculation before referred to. Heskop was the last batter up, and had just managed two couples and a boundary, when Cambton captured a long drive of Marriott's, and brought the innings to a close for 115, of which Marriott's total of 55 stood out as easy first in the way of scoring.

Owen bowled and fifteen to bat against. Think of that ye cricketers, and admire in silent ecstasy, the courageous spirit of the team which went in with a determination to top it, or die in the act, too. Owen hit the ball there, or even Hopey at length, the task would have been easier for them too, but with the backbone of the team taken out, courage began to ooze out at the finger ends.

Mr. Frank Shatwell (the Essex colt) joined Johnson at the wickets. Our colt only made one hit, but it was a good one, and up went 3. Before any wickets had been made Shatwell's left went up also, and, unfortunately, Heslop was there, and stuck to it, and Frank came back looking daggers. It was unfortunate, and, indeed, he seems to have been having a run of bad luck lately.

Plans filled the vacancy, and our score began to look healthy. Johnston gave us a *qualis* a time or two, but while there was life there was hope, and he settled down steadily after a warning or two. Plans, however, did most of the work, and so *should* fifteen minutes 50 was telegraphed. It was then Plan's turn to do the willingliest, and he retired caught out by Dannatt for 14. Two wickets for 22.

After Sani and Hoppy, the hope lay in Wright, and undoubtedly Peter has a style which always takes no harm about the ball; but if there are any runs hanging round Peter *planks* down his *easy*, and they are his. A nice cheerful drizzle had set in, not enough to stop play, but just enough to make all not under cover uncomfortable. After a little desultory play, Peter curved quite a flutter by landing Lawrence for *six*. Beer-lay. There was nothing startling in this, but after another one had gone in the same direction, Sandback thought it advisable to try a change of bowlers. They did so and put Heslop on. Heslop has a peculiar habit of bowling an injured beam-it is, however, effective, for with his *fast* deliveries he spread-eagled Peter's stumps neatly to that gentleman's disgust, and to the delight of the spectators. This made the third wicket for 44, as against the third wicket for 18 for Sandbach. And still it rained.

Trudd went in with a smile, notwithstanding the rain, and gently played Heslop for a boundary. Johnson still stuck at it, and although rather slow, kept running up the score. Trudd, however, did not come up to expectations, and after another couple failed to get under one of Heslop's deliveries, flipped it into Dannatt's hands, and retired.

Carranault, in 2. Then Carnan came at the wickets. Still it rained, and 50 went up. Plans retired incident happened at this period Johnstone who had been batting all the innings was tempted out of his crease. He had been badly knocked about during the afternoon and was too stiff to recover himself in time. The result was that he lost his bat's and retired. Hothwell was next in but had only increased the score by a couple when rain stopped play with the score at 75 for four wickets.