STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 3 AUGUST 1895—1.

NOTES AND COMMENTS.

The last County match on the Stoke ground for season 1895 was played on Monday and Tuesday last against Cheshire. There are four more matches to be played against Worcestershire, Northamptonshire, M.C.C., and Surrey Second, in which it is to be hoped Staffordshire will improve its position. Dealing with this week's match, it must be admitted as the outset that the result is a distinct disappointment to those who have followed the fortunes in cricket of our county. Although the wickets were certainly a bad one, and that the bowlers would find it a helpful one to them, still all through Monday to the drawing of stumps a victory for Staffordshire seemed highly probable. Indeed, when Cheshire had not the less had only been able to score 77 runs, when one official on the Stoke ground informed the writer of a belief that the time had at last come when the County could spell victory.

But although Cheshire had succumbed for 77 Staffordshire could only reply with 50, our batsmen finding it a very difficult task to negotiate the bowling of the veteran Sam Brown. Following on, Cheshire scored 50 for four wickets, and at this point a very fall day's cricket for the TUESDAY was in certain. Uncertain, however, as the game looked to be, the finish of this match came rank as one of the greatest surprises of all the matches in which Staffordshire has been engaged. Cheshire, on the Tuesday morning, on what must have been an improving wicket, were all dismissed, and long before the time of the ringing of the bell for lunch the match was at an end, and Cheshire had won by 102 runs; Staffordshire's second innings being completed in 57 minutes, the shortest time on record for a county innings at Stoke.

The result was a keen disappointment, but there can be no good object served by indulging in extreme statements as to the incompetency of our representative, or by complaints against those who are responsible for the appointment of players. We were promised at the commencement of the season that the blank cloud which hung over Staffordshire cricket had a silver lining to it, and the public were led to hope, from arrangements that had been made by an extended programme, and by promises of help from capable players who offered their services to their county, that Staffordshire would be able to shew a marked improvement upon anything that had been recorded in the past.

It is just as well to dwell for one moment and see whether mistakes have been made, and if so to find out who made them, in view of avoiding the errors in future. The serious complaint of older times used to be that men who gave promise by good performance of being good cricketers were not brought out in sufficient numbers by the County Committee. This charge cannot be laid at the present time, for during this season Staffordshire has perhaps played more new men than it has done in the past three years. Not a match has been played that has not had in it one or two who have never before played for their county. The slightest intimation to the committee sent a local man is showing good form and doing good work has been sure of attention, and there exists a Staffordshire League Club that has not been represented.

Some who complain that some of the teams do not represent the pick of the Staffordshire cricketers are somewhat ignorant of the true facts of the case. Such capable players as Messrs. Brownfield, Cooper, A. H. Heath, and others who could be named, would invariably be included did not business or other engagements stand in the way. Could the best eleven be put upon a field Staffordshire would give a very good account of itself against any second-class county. The emptiness of the County's exchequer also has to be considered with regard to the engagement of professionals. The organisation cannot go on year after year losing money, as was the case prior to last year, and as well in all probability be repeated at the close of the present season. As Mr. Mott in the pavilion on Tuesday, at the conclusion of the match, very justly observed, "Cricket means money, and money means cricket," and there is more than an average strength of common-sense in that statement. It is all very well to complain at the failure of the County, and cricketers, with their supporters, are usually notable grumblers in times of defeat.

As a set off, however, to some of the grumbling that has doubtless manifest itself, it is only fair to look at the teams that have been so singularly unfortunate and take them in pieces. Take, for instance, the recent match. In batting it had W. Brown, who is on all hands considered to be the strongest batsman in the county. It had its namesake J. Brown, who seems to be able to do anything for the Burslem club. It had Calkin, of Silverdale, who with the bat and ball has proved himself by years of valuable service to be one of the best cricketers in the Staffordshire League, and who has won match upon match by his own efforts for his club at Silverdale. There is on the batting side also Mr. Mott, who is decidedly the most consistent bat of the year, and who in the recent fixture very nearly performed the exceptional feat of carrying his bat through the entire innings. King and Walker are two valuable batsmen as is evidenced by their doings for Forshill. Onyonsize, although he "bagged" the brace," has made in local matches nearly 900 runs this year and Mr. Mainwaring who was included in consequence of the absence of Mr. Robinson has often proved himself to be a dangerous batsman. The bowling will certainly be considered safe for Barlow, Turner, Calkin, and the two Browns are all good trundlers, and yet that team comes out for such miserable totals as 50 and 48. It is almost unaccountable, and no one who will take the trouble to analyse the team will agree that it has shown its true form.