Abingdon Herald: Saturday 29 June 1895-3.

SPORTING NOTES.
(From our Oxford Correspondent .)

Oxfordshire has had decidedly the best of it in their opening encounter with Worcestershire on Monday and Tuesday last, at the end, with 4 wickets against 5, they were 88 runs to the good. The home team were suffering under the disadvantage of playing two or three men who had had very little practice this season. I refer more especially to Gmelin and Day, who will doubtless give a much better account of themselves later on. Certainly, the former was by no means useless, and his 29 in the second innings especially was very valuable, but he would probably have shown more punishing power in the first venture had he been in better practice.

It was a great treat to see Case hitting away with such vigour and confidence, and his innings of 71 was well worth seeing. Among the new men W. Smith made a most successful debut, scoring 62 and 37 not out, and will be sure to get a further trial, while the only other batsman to do anything of note was Arnold, who batted consistently for 32 and 30. The batting on the whole, though, was in some respects hardly up to county form. For instance, one hardly expects to see county players running away from the bowling as some of the men did. The brunt of the bowling, as usual, fell on the brothers Rogers, though it was satisfactory to find Case proving so successful.

The only batsman on the visiting side who showed much form was G. E. Bromley-Martin, who obtained 44 and 34 not out by means of good cricket. Simpson and Arnold, however, contributed useful scores in both innings. The bowling honours were evenly distributed, though Raynor and Millward were slightly more successful than the rest, and Arnold had the curious analysis of one over for 2 wickets and 2 runs. The home fielding was good, and Headlam deserves praise for some excellent wicket-keeping.

The Thame C.C. had a busy time last week, having practically three matches on three successive days, for Mr. C. H. Hull's XL was mostly composed of Thame club men. Unfortunately they did not prove successful in any of the matches, as they were beaten by Jesus College by six runs, Cowley Barracks beat Mr. Hull's XL by 80 runs, and Mr. Bosworth-Smith's XL beat Thame by 38. Nevertheless in the last-mentioned match the town has no right at any rate to feel dissatisfied with its performance, for the visiting eleven was a very strong one, including Arkwright, Case, Morres, Johnson, and others. The side was well to the fore with the bat, and going in first made 120. Case also did well for 32, but the rest of the visiting team could do very little with the bowling of the brothers Wells, and Morres being absent the innings was concluded for 191. The local team did not start well, but the tail came to the rescue, the last three batsmen being responsible for 74 between them. Out of this number P. Wells got 42 and Jones 21 not out. Against such bowlers as Arkwright, Morres, and Case, 153 was not at all a bad score.

The Watlington XL might not inapty be styled the clerics, for I note that no less than four clergymen figure in the team that opposed Aston Rowant on Saturday last. There are parsons all over the country who have been good cricketers in their day and many would do well to imitate their colleagues of Watlington and help their local clubs if they wish to raise their influence among their younger parishioners. In the match under notice the Rev. J. N. Napier fairly made things hum with the bat, and by scoring 132 out of 201 for six wickets enabled his side to score an easy victory over the men of Aston Rowant.

The Central Conservative Club played their first match this season on Saturday against the Victoria. Welberry, of the latter club, figured in the ranks of the Conservatives, who had managed to get together a fair eleven, while their opponents were not very well represented. Going in first the Victorians made a satisfactory start, and T. Roberts and Nutt playing excellent cricket and putting on 90 for the first wicket. After that, however, no one did very much, and the innings closed for 151. At the call of time the Conservatives for the loss of five wickets had scored 127, Ridgway, Cummings, and Knibbs being responsible for most of the runs.

I understand the City had rather the worst of it with New College on Thursday, but not having seen the details I cannot from my own knowledge say much about it. By the way, the City Club Colts' match is fixed for Monday and Tuesday, July 8th and 8th, and those who intend playing should send in their names as soon as possible. All details will be found in an advertisement elsewhere.

Among the junior clubs on Saturday last St. Kench's 124 for 5 wickets beat St. Peter-le-Bailey, 48; Oxford Temperance 81 for 5 wickets beat Summertown, 48; and Y.M.C.A. Juniors 35 and 16 for 2 wickets beat St. Thomas' 2nd XL 29 and 20.

WITNEY v. EXETER COLLEGE.—A match was played between the above clubs at Witney, on Wednesday, resulting in a decisive win for the home team. Score:
WITNEY.—F Middleton, b Carey, 1 ; S Campbell, c Carey, b Bromley, 51 ; H Marriott, b Bromley, 1 ; W Smith, jun., st Unwin, b Bromley, 18 ; H Smith, c Turner, b Bromley, 0 ; O S Collier, b Bromley, 8 ; A J Marriott, b Bromley, 29 ; F Nelmes, b Bromley, 1 ; B Knight, c Turner, b Reynolds, 17 ; E Miles, c and b Bromley, 9 ; W Smith, not out, 3. Byes, etc., 13. Total, 156.
EXETER COLLEGE.—G T Unwin, b Nelms, 1 ; b W Smith, 25. J Reynolds, b Collier, 0 ; b W Smith, 18. G M Carey, lb-w, b Collier, 0 ; st Miles, b W Smith, 0. B Bromley, b Nelmes, 0 ; b H Smith, 2. D H Cattell, b Collier, 4 ; st Miles, b W Smith, 0. G E Carey, b Collier, 0 ; lb-w Smith, 9. G E Turner, c H Smith, b Nelms, 5 ; b H Smith, 4. F Unwin, not out, 2 ; b W Smith, 0. H Bramskill, b Collier, 0 ; not out, 1. T M Currie, b Collier, 0 ; b W Smith, 0. J C Pringle, b Collier. 0 ; b W Smith, 0. Byes, etc., 5—2 Totals, 17—51.

WITNEY v. FARINGDON.—This match was played on the ground of the latter on Saturday, and resulted in a win for Faringdon on a single innings by five runs. Score:—
WITNEY.—A Millward, c Luker, b Haines, 0 ; F. Middleton, not out, 59 ; H Marriott, b Haines, 0 ; W. Smith, b 8 Luker, 33 ; C 8 Collier, b Luker, 6 ; H. Smith, b 8 Luker, 0 ; A J Marriott, c Wright, b Hodgkins, 0 ; F Nelms, c B Haines, b Luker, 5; R Miles, c Hodgkins, b Luker, 2. K. Scarrot, b Hodgkins, 2 ; H Pickers at Wright, b Haines, 8 ; extras, 7. Total 115.
FARINGDON.—E Haines, lb-w, b Nelmes, 1 ; F Haines, b Collier, 0 ; C E Cox, lb-w, b Collier, 57 ; c Rev, Plampton, b Nelms, 29 ; c Wright, b Collier, 6 ; R J Hodgkins, b Collier, 57 ; Rev, Lumb, b Collier, 3 ; M K Hallam, b Nelms, 7 ; 8 Luker, lb-w, b Nelmes, 3 ; M G Heebee, b Nelmes, 1 ; E Belcher, not out, 2 ; A Sheppard, c Nelmes, b H Smith, 5 ; extras, 6. Total, 120.

BURFORD v. NORTHLEACH.—These clubs met on the 20th instant, at Burford, in beautiful weather. The visitors went in first and were dismissed for 64 runs. Burford then went to the wickets and scored 150, eventually winning by 86 runs on the first innings. To the three brothers Cheatle belong the chief credit of the success of the home team. Score:—
NORTHLEACH.—C W Taylor, b G Cheatle, 13 ; c Hambidge, b Piggott, 13. J G Taylor, b E Cheatle, 0 ; not out, 7. Rev. Hutchinson, b E Cheatle, 0 ; b G Cheatle, 2. F Weller, b K Cheatle, 0. W E Foster, b G Cheatle, 4 ; not out, 21. T H Robinson, b E Cheatle, 0. T Hayward, not out, 18 ; run out. E French, b G Cheatle, 1. Rev. Trotman, c Jones, b Piggott, 13 ; b E Cheatle, 6. B Barge, c N Cheatle, b Piggott, 4 Cook, c Jones, b Piggott, 1 Byes, etc., 9—13. Totals, 65—74 (4 wickets).
BURFORD.—F W Len, c O Taylor, b T Taylor, 7 ; E Cheatle, b Hayward, 22 ; H F Piggott, c and b T Taylor, 8 ; G Cheatle, lb-w, b Foster, 40 ; N Cheatle, c Hayward b Foster, 28 ; C E Rowland, b Foster, 3 ; W S Adamson, b Foster, 1 ; F Drinkwater, c Foster, b 8s Taylor, 2 ; G Hambidge, not out, 15 ; A Jones, c and O Taylor, 0 ; G W Bennett, b Foster, 6. Byes, etc., 15. Total, 150.

BLENHEIM PARK C.C. v. HEADINGTON UNITED C.C.—This match was played at Blenheim Park on Saturday last, and resulted in a draw greatly in favour of the home team. Total scores—B.P.C.C. (1st innings) 195. Headington United, 66 for five wickets. For Blenheim Park C. P. Bartholomew played a fine innings for 50, J. E. Hines, 34 ; A. C. Miles, 20 ; G. H. Earle (not out) 15. For Headington J. R. F. Turner made (not out) 29, and F. Bateman, 30.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
[On ground of first-named.]
JUNE 29TH.
Clarendon Press v. E.O.C.C.
Summertown v. Clarendon 2nd XL
Corporation v. St. Barnabas.
St. Barnabas 2nd XL v. Corporation 2nd XL
Star v. Cowley St. John.
Y.M.C.A. v. Star 2nd XL.
Peppard v. Henley.
Abingdon v. City.
Littlemore Asylum v. St. Paul's.
St. Paul's 2nd XL v. Victoria 2nd XL