STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-3.

Column 1:

receiving no welcoming greeting joined Mrs Ellam, of Crewe, who seemed to be the only one wanting a smile. Shouts still continued, and then a pause. The worldly brother said "they are all out for 54, and Silversdale will win."

In a few minutes the second act began. Caulkin and G. T. Young opening the innings. Young made 2 and 0 respectively, Reynolds came to the rescue. Silvers provided for a long time, and except for a friendly voice calling "Good stroke," "Well played," "Pretty," &c., I could have imagined it was a "Quakers' meeting, with the spirit not over active. Silversdale won by eight wickets, said a materialist. I cared not. Where was "Loxgthorpe?"

BOWLING ANALYSIS.
                       Overs. Maidens. Runs. Wickets.
R. S. Vonnr ...... 9  ...  0  .... 20  ....  6
Brereton        ...... 13  ...  3  .... 39  ....  8

LAWTON PARK.

This club won its protest against Silversdal, and the match has to be replayed. As was pointed out last week it is most important that the measurement of the ground and pitch should be taken accurately, and especially in Leegins, Cumbercote, or Alliance fixtures, so as to avoid the unpleasantness which arises from disputes. More need not be said regarding the match. Saturday's match was again a victory for the Park club, which so far has done well in the Combination, not having lost a match. To-day, the club meet Middleton, both at home and away, and it is probable that another success will have to be recorded.

PORTHILL PARK.

On Saturday Porthill got Tunstall gave about the best batting display which they have ever given, and their score of 133 for three wickets was a performance which reflected credit on all those who had a share in it. King justified the expectations of all who have seen his form, and his score of 63 was made without fault. H. P. Wood once again also proved his real value to his side, as he, stayed with King until the score was 81, of which his share was 38. The previous week, against Club and Ground, these two men each well, 50 without being parted, when run beyond play, so that in the two games they had made 121, being repeated. Almost as good for North Staffordshire League cricket, Dean followed in, and soon began to make matters lively, and would probably have stayed to help Bennett complete his great run out on the part of the Loud Tunstall acquisition. His score of 21 was got in his usual vigorous style, and the fifth that gets rid of him for less than 10 runs may be considered fortunate. The last 120 runs were scored on the latter half ground in just over the hour, and then the talk of scoring was reduced somewhat, but that did not suit Bennett, and he put little respect to any of the bowlers, who certainly did not show many minerals made the score of 52, not out, at which point the innings was closed, leaving Tunstall much time to bat them the visiting team had taken to occupy their rather formidable score.

Some mention has been made, in former editions to the impression that the Porthill batting sadly lacked force and run-getting power. This is certainly no longer correct, as in last Saturday's display no opportunity was neglected to score runs, and the display altogether was singularly free from risky strokes. The Porthill men stand their long batting well, and the fielding all through was smart, especially so in some instance.

The Tunstall innings was conspicuous for a very good innings on the part of Walker, who made 28, and a prolonged stand for the last wicket by Bickley and Carr, who took the score from 55 to 102, 88 which number 6, after effect a chance of playing field to King, which he happily accepted. Bennett accounted for four wickets, and the absence of W. S. White, who was holidaying, gave King an opportunity to show that his bowling will be useful if he is called on, as he also took four wickets.

All old members of the Porthill Club would notice with pleasure, that once again that sterling cricketer Farmer Walker was back again in their ranks, after an absence of seven or eight years, and although the big performance of some of the other players did not give him a chance on Saturday, there is no doubt he will not be long in the team before he makes his presence felt in the old style which so many Wolverston people recall with pleasure.

It is also interesting to matches with what great success Bennett made his first appearance in Derbyshire county cricket this season, now representing 25 and bowling analysis, both being the best performances of the side v. Hamsphire. Porthill also supplied the Staffordshire wicket-keeper in the person of J. Pooke, and the absence of these two, coupled with the holidays, caused the team which was sent to Caverswall to be mainly composed of second eleven men, who on the whole acquitted themselves well, scoring 133 to Caverswall 130, and seeing that King was once in a way dismissed without scoring, the total must be considered a good one. The Rev. F. W. Harlen was conspicuous by a very well played innings of 39, other double figures being C. Evans 15, J. Dean 13, C. Wood 17, and E. Mawdsley 20 not out. A very pleasant day was spent at Caverswall, the only regret being that owing to the holidays so many of the first team were absent. The Rev. Lord Lomas had a very easy victory on Saturday v. Audley, securing 104 for four wickets, and disposing of their opponents for 39, S. Mawdsley once again taking his full share of wickets. To-day, Fenton visit Porthill, and for the first time for four years, this occurs plays against Porthill, with what result may be looked for in another column. Next Saturday we visit Silversdale, and the week after the great fight of the season, Burslem at Porthill.

FENTON.
[BY "RAMBLER."]

Fenton visited Norton last week for the purpose of annexing points, and were successful; at least, this is what I believe. The scores were—Fenton 94, Norton 96. This ought to entitle Fenton to count two points. Norton will probably agree that it does, but others may think otherwise.

Some people have an idea that I supported the action of Fenton in their match v. Silversdale. How this is arrived at I cannot imagine. I stated sufficiently plain for an attentive reader to understand that I blamed the rules, and that if the rules allowed one team to "lose" another nobody could blame the players. This is, to my mind, clear enough. I am

Column 2:

of the same opinion now. There who have seen a match at Trent Bridge, when Notts have been playing for a draw will never forget it. How to waste time is shown to perfection. Players having the wickets for a cup of tea and other such little tricks, disgust those who go to see sport. The ways in which a batsman can waste time are numerous, and the fact that such applies to a cricketer, and that the umpires when not careful should be empowered to extend the time for such period as they consider has been deliberately wasted.

The game of cricket is one of the oldest on record which perhaps accounts for the old-fashioned ways of its legislators. No serious effect is made to advance with events. This is a mistake which is made clearly apparent by the actions of the spectators when a player like Stoddart goes in to bat. His presence goes like magic on a crowd. There is no "cooing around" about him. He goes in to get runs not to waste time, and it must be annoying to a sportsman like him when a bowler uses the power given him by the rules to waste time to the disadvantage of the latter.

The members of the Cricket League may think reform such as I have suggested impracticable, or it possibly say they have no power in the matter. That's just where the dead-lock is. Nobody appears willing to accept a move. Last year Mr. F. T. Fenton suggested that (instead of mere luck deciding which team should have choice of innings) the visitors should have the option of batting or fielding. There was nothing in the world to prevent this being done in League matches, but the committee wouldn't have it. The majority of the committee preferred to trust to luck to assist in winning matches. Winning the toss has much to do with a Saturday afternoon match than most people imagine, and if a captain is fortunate enough to guess the upper side of a penny in both matches he stands a good chance of securing four points, or at the least the opportunity of making his opponents take the field the best portion of the form.

Luck is an element which ought not to be counted upon as an assistance to secure victory, and although not a thought-reader, I venture to think that 99 out of every 100 spectators will agree with what I say. On a bitterly cold day six or eight thousand people will put in an appearance at Snoke to see a good football match, because they know that they will get a full hour and a half's sport. Waste of time is not permitted there, and luck is reduced to a minimum. The cleverest team as a rule wins the game, and that is a lot more than can be said about present-day cricket.

Having concluded the portion which was to be continued, as per last week's issue, I will now revert to the Fenton v. Norton match. Somebody or other, no matter how badly Fenton is shaping against other clubs, they were far from convincing against Norton. Last year Monell went with damaged optic, and although quite to play he scored more runs than the Norton team put together. On Saturday the team was a sort of six-and-ten. Winning the toss, the usual pair took their places at the wickets. Merritt played in his usual careful style, and Turner applied the word hard and often, and had 16 to his credit when a separation came. Briscoe made things lively, but eventually stopped a ball with his foot, and retired at the request of the umpire, with as much satisfaction as is usual in such cases. Skelson, who has been studying how to get bulls eyes, enters, and other things whilst in training as Dewhurst, soon got an "outer," and then some remors took the score to W. Turner and Powey. Walton made a triple, and things were looking rosy for Norton, but Dean, Berks, and Rhodes altered the complexion of the game, the score at the close reading 94.

Birks is to be complimented upon his success. Fate has for some time been against the cheery Abemans batsman, but now a turn has been made all Fentonia hope it will be a long way to the nearest stopping place.

Norton commenced badly against the deliveries of Turner and Briscoe, catches for once in a way being accepted. Dealtou was the only man on the side to get into double, and his score shows what a grand cricketer he is. The end came with the total at 96, Fenton winning comfortably at the finish.

On Wednesday a fairly representative team visited Caverswall, the paradise of cricketers, to oppose Mr. W. K. Bowers' eleven. It was a day out for the Turners, who put on 50 runs in about half-an-hour, J. having 39 to his credit and W. 15. Rhodes chipped in with a useful 15 and the other eight divided, a level score between them, the respective patrons varying from nothing to 7.

The home captain, assisted by Aynsley, Morgan, and Booth, passed the Fenton score, charges being drawn before J. Morgan, Taylor, Young, and Usher had a chance of showing what they could do. The outing, as usual, was much enjoyed, and some of the players are already consulting an almanac in the hopes of finding out when Whit Week is due in 1894.

MOUNT PLEASANT.

On Saturday we went to Birches Head to meet Tabernacle Mission. The Missionaries batted first, facing the bowling of Edwards and Rosenoread. T. Prince made a good stand, being finally caught by Burchell after making 21 runs. The last wicket fell for 72 runs.

On our side A. Smith and W. Edwards were in good form, the former hitting in splendid style, and making 52 runs, which included three 5s. The innings closed for 80 runs, and we won by 8 runs.

Our second team received the Y.M.C.A. at Mount Pleasant. The visitors won the toss, and had to thank Hardwick and Salmon for their victory. Hardwick made 34 and Salmon 11 runs out of a total of 61. Hardwick's bowling was deadly, and Hardwick gave long catches, but was missed each time. Our men made a good stand. Phillips (19), Deakin (7), and Binnister (8) were the best. The innings closed with the score at 51. It was a close game throughout, and thoroughly enjoyed.

On Whit-Monday we were pitched to play against Hanley Tabernacle. Owing to the holidays only three of our first team turned up, and consequently we made a poor Afternoon, the Tabernacle winning by a fourth condition and some uneventful Result: Tabernacle 55 (of which W. Richards made 25); Mount Pleasant 9.

LEEK.

Lovers of cricket were well catered for last week and the beginning of this week in Leek. Both the Leek and the Leek Highfield teams had very good engagements on Saturday, and they were both well

Column 3:

patronised, the attendance being about equal. A very childish practical joke was carried out either in the very last hours of the evening of Friday week or the early hours of Saturday morning, and was intended to do damage to the Leek Highfield Cricket Club. Once almost all the posters of the Highfield club announcing the two days' and the Smith's grand match "Plain baths and milk gratis." Whether the judge may take all the credit he may think reflects upon him and he welcome to it.

LEEK CLUB.

Mr. Buut and the other members of the executive of the Leek Club are to be congratulated on the opening on Saturday last of what I unhesitatingly say is one of the last grounds in North Staffordshire. The attendance on the ground on Saturday last was a large one, although the weather was threatening. The arrangements for the accommodation of the spectators was all that could be desired, but the representatives of the press had to sit outside, and rain falling several times made this very unpleasant. I understand that a partition is to be erected at a cost of about £350, probably the press will be considered.

The captain of the Cres team won the toss, and made a great mistake in allowing the Leek team to bat first on a good wicket, and they found it out before the game was over. Bennett and Dr. McGlew batted first, and the doctor from the first ball scored a single. Both batsmen played a safe game, and the bowling was cased, but Price and Holland being taken off before a wicket was taken. This good start had a visible effect upon the company, the ladies, of whom there were a good number present, evacuating the gentlemen upon the successful start, and afternoon tea was much indulged in, there being an ample supply of all kinds of provisions.

Bennett was unfortunately out leg before, but Kirkby played a splendid game, and was run up a number of runs. The Doctor was caught out, and Wie die was soon disposed of without any addition to the score. Wright and Kirkby got together and runs came rapidly, the visitors having now found out their mistake in putting Leek in first. Wright played a vigorous game, but Riley, who was bowling in the rate style bowled him with a good ball, Kirkby ought to have attained his 50 runs, but Payne with a marvellous catch disposed of him for 43. He had played a good game. Backwell foolishly ran himself out, and the innings closed with a total of 111. Riley was the most successful bowler, taking seven wickets for 28.

Crowe commenced with Osborn and Lyon, to the bowling of A. H. Wardle and Kirkby. Osborne was sadly let off, Kirkby missing taking the wickets but he returned the balls by having him caught off the bowling by Cantrill. He was then commenced to fall rapidly, and it was a foregone conclusion for Crowe, as they had four good wickets down for 39.

A Noita eleven were the players on Monday and Tuesday at Westwood-lane. It seems that there had been some misunderstanding as to the night of the visitors to be-styled an eleven of Notts, and the secretary of the Notts County team had been communicated with. Whoever they were they proved themselves good players. They provided two days good cricket. The attendance on both days must have cleared the lists of the Executive. Monday's attendance was like that in the old time, when Audcontee Park used to play Leek. The ladies were present in goodly number, and the bright colours they wore added to the aspect.

There was one disappointment, and that was the late start. The visiting had missed their train at Stoke, and only arrived in time for the game.

A start was made at two o'clock, and it was soon seen that the Leek team were in for an afternoon's fielding. Goodaere and Whitlock played steady cricket, and completely mastered the bowling. The left-hander was, however, run out, the score standing at 53. Bennett, who has played with Notts County, joined Goodacre, and again the Leek bowling was punished. Bennett has a very free style with him. He obtained three boundaries, and the second wicket which was smartly taken by Cantrill behind the wickets fell for 75; Sheldon, who was responsible for the team visiting Leek, partnered Bennett, and the score was taken to 91, when Wardle clean bowled Bennett. Wardle did not remain long. He hit a six and a four, and Wright then displaced his wicket. The visitors were out for 145. The Leek team had tried eight bowlers of the day, and Wardle and Wright were the most successful.

Leek commenced with Messrs. Heathcote and Jones. The former was soon out, but Jones and Kirkby played good cricket, and the score was taken quickly up. Jones played an exceptionally good innings, some of his strokes being very pretty. Kirkby was not leg before, and Wright did not stay long, the day's play ending with 52 for three wickets. Jones was not out 25, and the Rev. J. Darling not out 8. The state of the game brought down a good number of spectators on Tuesday, but the day's play was not so interesting, the Leek batting falling off considerably. Hembyfield and C. Wardle were the highest scorers, the total reaching 125. The visitors replied with 105 for eight wickets, the runs was drawn. Whitlock scored 50 and Bell 23. The feature of the game was the clever wicket-keeping of Cantrill.

LEEK HIGHFIELD.

This team were on Saturday at Rocester, and right well they acquitted themselves. They had their genial captain with them, with whose name cricket in Leek has risen to long association. Whether it was this reason or not the score obtained by the Moorlanders was 224 against 212. The veteran Heathcote was responsible for 23, and this is the best reply he could have made to the inquiry as to whether he was past cricket. The two most prominent hits were H. Tatton (62) and Barnett (not out, 57). There will wants a good stock of presentation bats in this Leek club if this sort of scoring is to be continued. J. Stoneluster obtained 34. The home team did not bat, and it was perhaps as well.

Highfield were engaged against Crowe on Monday at Leek, and in spite of many counter attractions there was a good attendance. There has been a lot of talk by the members and supporters of the Leek club as to the Crowe team not trying their best for Leek every tu stand on its own bottom, and they don't care to speak to upset it. The Crowe team did try, and did their best, and they were only just saved a defeat by the call of time. Leek batted first, and again Heathcote was successful, knocking up 16, J. Pace made a capital innings, as did also J. Stoneluster, H. Tatton, and H. Stonehewer; but the general surprise packet was A. Usher, who both batted and bowled in good style. Crowe made a