STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 3 AUGUST 1895 - 3.

CREWE.

The weather again put a stop to everything. The first eleven journeyed to Fenton, but were unable to finish operations, owing to the prevailing elements. Still it would appear that the home club did not have a very long stay at the wickets, as 43 but a very few score got, even on a wet wicket. Without a ball Fenton's team of 15, the Fenton local would have appeared insignificant; but still it enhances the quality of the batting, which was true and well despread. The analysis of Riley was by far the best, as he was responsible for five wickets, at a cost of 7 runs. It will not be surprising to learn that in the course of another day or so he has received some honour in a tangible form, as a recognition for his efforts to get rid of his opponents.

The Crewe team did not bat, but what they missed at cricket they made up in conviviality, as they speak highly of the treatment that was meted out to them by the members of the Fenton club. I have just heard that the League meeting has taken place, and that Crewe got nothing. Until they appear anything? Certainly not; but it is gratifying to note that a bye-law has been passed which will prevent any team turning that a game has commenced without the players learning the pavilion. There is every appearance of Crewe being arrested from the top by strategy, for undue means have been taken by Fenton to secure level points out of the matches played.

FENTON.
(By "Rambler.")

Cricket at Fenton last week, so far as the fielders were concerned, was off. Fenton were more fortunate. The visit of the Crewe team is always an interesting event, and last week's invasion was an exception in the general run. To some extent Crewe are like Fenton, and that is why games between them are the means of causing the spectators to part with the rubicon plate pieces. The teams are either up or down. There is no midway with either of them.

At Fenton last last year the home side were all out for 43. Crewe won. The return game at Crewe was won almost as easily by Fenton, and they cried quits. This year, at Crewe, Crewe won, and if the same order of things had been carried out last Saturday, Fenton should have scored the rubicon. This, however, was not to be. Whilst Fenton were batting the rain kept off, but upon Crewe making a start for the wickets the storm, which had looked threateningly upon Osborn and Co. for some time, put in an appearance, and all was over, and a ball being sent down by the Fenton trundler.

In the Fenton innings Turner was again a success, having not out for his second week in succession. This operation was repeated on Monday, and Tuesday against Cheshire, making four not out innings in two days, which is cases here about a record for the district. Wilman was as evidence in the county match with the ball, having 12 wickets for 81 runs. Fentonsians raise their hats and wish him success against Worcestershire and Northumberland during the coming week.

To-day Fenton play a friendly fixture with North Rode (wind and weather permitting), which will give me a rest. Next week I intend filling up this space with a few remarks on the Cricket League, and a few suggestions for next year's working. In these remarks you have any suggestions which may tend to create a better feeling and reduce the friction which undoubtedly exists. I tender an invitation. Send in your suggestions as early as possible, addressed "Rambler," Sentinel, Hanley. A number of apparently excellent ideas have already reached me which only require putting into shape to produce good results.

SILVERDALE.
(By the G.C.O.J.M.)

PLAYING AT KEEPING SHOP.

Did you ever, my dear reader, in your younger days—ay at six or seven—play at keeping shop, where imaginary articles, including tea, candles, soft soap, turpentine, and bath-brick were banded out for as purely imaginary payments, and carried away with a most make-believe air? If so, you can understand Saturday's proceedings, and not without. The team was to play at Caverswall—noted for its squire, its ground, and its cricket hospitalities—but everyone entered on the task in a most make-believe, fashion. Ten players asked to be excused, and one was away for his holidays. They were lucky. The rest, in a varied sort of manner, were carted via Trentham and Longton, to the ground. I had nearly written desired spot, but no one seemed to desire anything; and there was not even a good cricket tale to keep anyone alive.

The ground duly reached half an hour later, no one thought of beginning, or attempting to begin, and proceeded as leisurely as though it was an in the morning. Another half hour or so passed by, and then someone suggested play, but just on turning out, a photographer turned up, and all seemed to think it was quite the thing to wait and smile while Caverswall eleven, scorer, and ground roller included, tried to make a picture. It was only then that the treat once discovered that there was no umpire, and that he had to officiate, and did so with many growls.

Messrs. W. E. Bowers and J. H. Coperake stood in front of the wickets while seven Silverdale players chucked up the ball in turns, some shorter, some longer. Politeness reigned supreme, and fellow feeling was wondrous kind. One after the other the fields were presented with the ball to hold, but they begged to be excused, as they did not want to hurt anyone's feelings. Bowling there was none, and with one or two exceptions, I must say no one ever tried. "I think," said one, "that slow bowling is as good as fast on this wicket." "So do I," said the Caverswall captain, as he laid his bat for it to hit, "only better." Fifty-three overs were bowled and 162 runs made for one wicket (W. E. Bowers 37, Coperake, not out, 60), and rain came down. This upset nobody; they still were in the world of make-believe, and even while sitting in the pavilion they passed round an old oil bottle and called it whiskey.

The weather did not clear up, said neither side seemed to wish it would, so at six o'clock the villagers started home. It rained and poured, but no one took any notice. Nobody mentioned cricket, and nobody needed, because none had been seen, or attempted; and then ended one of the most steam and melancholy functions I have ever seen the death of.

The attitude of Bucknall Church renders comment undesirable. An explanation is wanted.

CONGLETON.

The Forge Mills and Alsager have fought many battles during their career, and I should say that victories were about equally divided, for if we defeat them at Congleton, they generally manage to take it out of us at Alsager.

Last Saturday saw the first encounter this season, when history again repeated itself, as Alsager proved the victors on their own meadow. They have yet to come to Congleton and,—but I won't predict. No cricketer need to be told it was a wet day. They were fairly in it. The Forge was minus four of their regular players, viz., Wild, Buckley, Isaac Marshall, and Johnson, and undertook the journey with nine players, two substitutes being supplied on the ground. Alsager won the toss, and began their innings with Fiddock and Dudson, James and Bradbury at the howlers. Fiddock was caught by James in Bradley's first over, with 4 runs on only, which had been scored by the other batsman. This let in Capey, and to Dudson and Capey the victory of Alsager certainly belongs. The partnership realised 33 runs, which was not dissolved until a double change of bowling had been resorted to, Capey being cleverly caught at point by Alf. Marshall off Lomas. The pair being separated paved the way for further disasters for Alsager, A. Marshall doing most of the execution, taking seven wickets for 15 runs. Alsager's innings closed for 53, Dudson being the top scorer with 25. The innings was twice stopped owing to rain. The Forge started with James and Sheard. The first-named was palpably unwell, and was bowled by Dudson second ball. A Mitchell knocked up 7 in quick time, and was then bowled by Dudson. Sheard went on batting steadily, and he and Lomas carried the score to 21, the third wicket falling at this total. The visitors, however, could make no headway, and the game being twice suspended, for rain did not improve their chances of success, and the last wicket fell with the score at 39, Alsager winning by 19 runs.

The Brook Mills bebeck themselves to Knypersley to play the return match, where the latter club took sweet revenge for the defeat they sustained at Congleton a few weeks back. Small scoring was the order on both sides. The Mills' score only amounted to 19, whilst Knypersley capped this with 29. J. Bradbury was principal scorer for Knypersley with 13, and Pointon obtained the same distinction for the Mills with 6. Pointon also proved a terror with the ball, taking seven wickets for 15 runs.

The Forge Mills are giving their professional, James, a benefit on August 10th, when the visiting team is Middlewich. Although this is James's first season with the Forge, they are putting their whole energies into the affair to give the old pro. a good result, and any of his friends in Staffordshire who are desirous of contributing towards this end will kindly communicate with [unclear] at his address, Moseley, Congleton, or to Mr. [unclear] Cliffe, Sec., Forge Mills C.C., both of who [unclear] be glad to dispose of tickets. James has [unclear] efficient service both as a player and a [unclear] during his cricketing career, which has been a long one; and this, coupled with his quiet, unassuming manner, has made him many friends, and is only remains for them to show it by giving him a bumper on the 10th.

WHITMORE.

Last Saturday found us at Keele with a very good team, including Lightfoot, Farmer, and Burrows (of Silverdale). Keele won the toss and batted and two wickets were down for 4 runs, when Burrows (playing for Keele), and the Rev. C. Stamer got together and put on 33, Burrows 15 (not out), and the Rector 11 (not out). Then the rain came and robbed us of an almost certain victory.