STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 15 JUNE 1895- 1.

NOTES AND COMMENTS.

Readers will hardly be prepared for the statement of a correspondent that early this morning ice, the thickness of a penny, was found at Fell Brook, near Becknall. It was undoubtedly very cold last evening for the time of the year, and even after the sun had risen this morning the air was unusually keen. Nevertheless, the outlook for cricketers as noon approached was fairly satisfactory, and there seemed every prospect of the various local engagements being entered upon and completed without much interruption from rain or cold.

Staffordshire played the Second Eleven from the Oval on Monday and Tuesday at Stoke, and the home team were beaten by six wickets. There are, however, several conclusions of a consoling nature to be drawn from the game. The first--and by many it will be considered the most important--is that the match does not count in the second-class championship. Had this been otherwise Staffordshire would most likely have suffered a heavier defeat still, for King (Fonthill), who was the mainstay of the batting in their first innings, and afterwards proved himself almost as useful with the ball, was not qualified for the county, having been born in Salopshire. He came to this districts a few months ago.

Another point which will tend to lighten the sorrows of Staffordshire cricketers is that the Surrey second string have not been defeated for three seasons past, and even brought off a drawn game yesterday with Lancashire although the latter batted the grand total of 483 in their first innings. But the fact that the Staffordshire men have improved all round since their defeat by Northamptonshire a fortnight ago is the circumstance which will afford most pleasure to true cricketers, for what matter whether points be won or lost so that play is improved and worthy to be called cricket. And there is to crown all the writer was informed by one of the Surrey eleven that we Staffordshire people under-rate our county in cricket matter; that the County eleven are really a very good lot, and that the Surrey men considered them one of the very best among second-class counties. They were sorry, they said, to not say the same for the ground, which, with all due respect to Han- ana, usually most successful in the treatment of turf, it must be said was not good. It was bumpy on the first day, while on Tuesday every ball sent up a cloud of dust, and about three yards in front of the hotel wicket a large piece was completely worn out.

MACCLESFIELD.

The week called Whit, when straw deckers and multi-coloured ties abound, is finished. To those whose interests lie in the happy valley the finish was as brilliant as could be well wished for, but we, Macclesfield way, cannot congratulate ourselves. When Bollington adorns the fixture-card we generally expect a slating; but when it became known that both Turner and Harvey were off the team for Saturday, the classic brow of Mr. Sem was unwrinkled in its contentment, for he thought we had a chance. We always have with Bollington; perhaps if we hadn't we should do better. It was not a victory, but a most dire slaughter.
We have been more fortunate with the toss than the matches lately, and on Saturday again went to the wickets first. Johnstone and Shatwell were not long together, the farmer's wicket falling after the first run, Kenyon working the trick with a catch. Plant was a little more fortunate, but after landing half a dozen with his first two drives coupled rapidly down to singles, and he also was dismissed by Kenyon for 8. Shatwell mean-while had contributed half a dozen, so that the second wicket fell at 13. Sheldon joined Shatwell and was content for some little time to let his partner appropriate the runs. Twenty was soon telegraphed, but 6 runs later Sheldon retired for 4, and his place was filled by Trodd. Trodd seemed to shape about as well as the rest, and after playing three singles off Pointon lost one of the Bollington pro.'s in, and Tommy after performing a gymnastic feat with his bat toured.
Kenyon also altered his style of bowling, and adopted Pointon's nice and easy go-as-you-please kind of delivery. Results, Elgin increased the score by 2 and sought seclusion in the woodlands shade awaiting his turn to field. (5 for 36). This was glorious, and we bid fair to lose all the wickets for something under 50. Rothwell, however, made a stand, and before Shatwell, who had been batting from the commencement, lost him, had pulled the total up to 44. Another of Pointon's tempter's drew Shatwell out, but he failed to do fairly hold of the ball, which slipped into Green's hands, and he retired after the best innings of the day (for Macclesfield) of 20. Smale only managed a boundary and Sheldon even less. This left Frost and Hopkinson in with the score at 59 and one wicket to fall. Hopkinson was content with singles, but Frost for higher cause. After nulling the first two balls, and giving us all a qualm, he sent Pointon away for 3 and next 60 up. His next hit also was a boundary, and after a single he landed another boundary, which completed the 70. It was too good to last, however, for after Hopkinson had again got away, Pointon drew him out, and Furness seizing the opportunity lifted the bails, and finished the innings, the Macclesfield total standing at 74. The memory of a few other encounters Bollington way is still pretty green, and hopes of anything like a decent finish were at zero. Pointon and Holbrook opened the batting against Trodd and Frost, the first over of each produced 4 runs and the second 4 and 5 respectively. Our 74 began to look sick. Twenty was soon signalled, and at 29, Holbrook received his quietus at the hands of Trodd for 11. Armitt joined Pointon at the wicket, but before long Trodd again effected a separation, and after completely beating Pointon twice with the third ball took his wicket.
The crowd applauded, and the cries of "well done Tommy" indicated that Trodd has even yet a certain amount of popularity Bollington way.

Rothwell has replaced Frost, but needed to get on little better, for both Armitt and Furness fairly punished the bowling. Two after ten kept totting up until at last 50 was reached amidst applause. At 61, however, Bothwell bowled for a catch and got it, Furness retiring for 17.
Pointon, brother to the pro., followed on, and after a goodly sprinkling of extras, together with a small matter of 24 by Armitt, had raised the total to 94. Armitt retired caught and bowled by Shutwell. Our total had long since been passed, and what was left of the Bollington team went in for increasing their averages. Green was with Pointon, jun., and at 6.10, 100 went up, and more in sorrow than anger I left them to fight it out.
A glance at the score book shows a magnificent innings by Green of 32, not out, 19 by Pointon, and 17 by Claye, bringing the Bollington total up to 187 for eight wickets. What a pity it did not rain.
After the display at Sandbach the fielding of the team was simply wretched not only in one, but in the majority of positions, and the only wonder is that Bollington did not score more. Twice Pointon was missed before he had started scoring, and towards the finish another couple of ridiculously easy catches were thrown away. The extras given numbered 30! Truly a splendid accomplishment for any wicket-keeper.
To-day Levenhulme away, when it is to be hoped the team will at any rate prove themselves triers.
The second team did even worse, and after a total of 40, in which F. Wood's 16 was a shining light, allowed Bollington to get 184.
Tommy Lunt, of full back fame, made a promising debut at Buxton, playing for the second team against Buxton College on Wednesday, making 20. Mr. S. Lunt made 6, and the report which has spread spread abroad that T. Lunt is the son of Mr. Sam Lunt is not correct. Our lot on this auspicious occasion obtained 68. J. W. Marsh, of the College eleven, scored 97 off his own bat. Comment is superfluous. I am going to Buxton this week-end to see the reason.

BASFORD.

We should have gone to the High School on Saturday to play the boys, but owing to their ground not being good we arranged for them to visit us, and both sides had the pleasure of batting on a wicket that was as good as possible. Basford having won the toss elected to bat, sending to the brothers Stewart. A. Stewart began to hit soon, but at 9 was bowled by Tollwright in trying to hit a good one to leg. Parkes was caught in the slips by Nichols. English then joined J. H. Stewart, and play was steady for a time, English being caught at the wicket after putting 21 to his credit. Shrubsole now came in, and after playing steadily for a few oversboth batsmen made things lively, Stewart at last being caught and bowled by Lawrence. Hobard made 70 by really first-class cricket, and well deserved the applause he was received with. The Rev. A. Paige did not stay long, being bowled for 4, and Shrubsole made 2 when the closure was applied, Shrubsole being not out for a well-played 35. Total 161 for five wickets. The School began with Chadwick and M. G. Nichols. Chadwick was bowled by Hughes with the score at 8. L. K. L. Nichols now joined his brother, and a long stand was made, and the telegraph showed 56 before E. G. was bowled. He had played a very steady game, while his brother was scoring well. Showell was caught at the wicket for 7, and Rance was soon bowled by Rev. A. Paige. Time was called when the score was five for 65. L. R. L. Nichols being not out 55, made in good style.

DRESDEN.
CHURCH.

Saturday last found the above club at Sandyford to play the return match. After losing on the previous Saturday the committee chose the best men in the hope of a win, but that hope died a natural death. Sandyford commenced to bat, against the bowling of Willshaw and Sadler. Four wickets soon fell, but the fielding was not up to the mark. W. Copeland after two escapes joined Willshaw, and Copeland took Sadler's bowling. When the score reached 49 the last wicket was taken. Willshaw took five wickets for 19 runs, and W. Coggins four wickets for 4 runs, and Sadler one wicket for 9 runs. Dresden commenced to bat against excellent bowling, and a procession was witnessed with much pleasure by the spectators to, and from the pavilion. The team were all out for 21. G. Baker, the Sandyford bowler, was in grand form with the ball and took six wickets for 5 runs.
The second team played Caveswall Amateurs at home, and they shared the same fate as the first team. T. Potter took four wickets for 11 runs.
To-day the first team have Chesdle Albion for their visitors, and the second team visit Longton Zion to play their return match.

AUDLEY.

We went to Chell on Saturday to play the Chell club in connection with the North Staffordshire Second League. We were rather late, and a start was made at 3.45. We batted first, sending in D. Hanshall and J. Timmis to face the bowling of Davis and Lees. Hanshall was caught by Wood for a duck. Timmis and H. Lawrence batted well, and the 26 of Lawrence helped us up. Only 15 were scored by the other nine. The innings closed at 50; extras 7. The Chell team made a very bad start, the first six wickets falling for 15 runs, and it looked a sure win for us. However, Hargreaves commenced to lash out, and punished our bowling. We missed several chances, and luck was against us. Chell won by 6 runs, and deserve the points for their plucky play. We went down at Chell last year. We play Burslem End to-day at home. We have no more League matches at home till nine weeks to-day, when we receive Nantwich.

KEELE.

I can't help it; it is not my fault, and I know your readers (including those who borrow the paper, as well as those who sport and plonk down the nimble "meg") will be disappointed; but facts are facts, and we are not at it again. Last Saturday we actually won easily. Hanford came and were

conquered. This being their first visit, we were prepared to do the thing as handsomely as usual, and perform in our usual manner. But by some mistake on their part, none of the batsmen would stay with Jones, but came ons as fast as they decently could. H. Cooper (4), and J. Wilson (2), and extras (5), and total (11) were the only ones to score at all, and there were nine ducks. Jones had the very good analysis of six wickets without a run. He did the hat trick once and just missed it again. Then having 11 to make we went to bat, and did some too well, Williams and Cooper dividing our wickets amongst them. George Taylor (15, not out), F. Knight (9), the Rector (9), Barrett (6). Four 2s and three ducks, and the total was 44 at 6.15. A second innings resulted in Hanford getting 45 for eight wickets, including 10 extras. T. Nicklin taking seven of their wickets, and so we won through Jones' wonderful bowling performance on the first innings. He has has not arrived yet. To-day we do the necessary leather hunting at Basley.

JUNIOR CRICKET GOSSIP.

Nantwich Second are still to the front. They accomplished a good performance on Saturday by defeating Tunstall Second. The merit of the performance was not merely in defeating the Tunstall team, but in playing such an uphill game, which seemed much against them. The game took place at Nantwich, and batting first the visitors did not make a good start, as three wickets were down for 17. Upon Hall and Webster joining, however, the score rose to 49, when Hall was run out, having contributed an invaluable, but somewhat lucky 20. Webster continued to score, and was supported by A. Lockett, whilst the bad fielding of the homesters gave 32 runs, a fact which in itself clearly shows the slovenly manner in which the homesters went about the field. Webster obtained 22 and E. Lockett 25 runs respectively. Nantwich then went to the wickets, but with the exception of Hill nothing of note was done until the latter was partnered by Bullock, and at a critical period these two obtained a complete mastery over the bowling. They raised the total to 68 for six wickets before Hill was bowled for a splendid 40. Walker (15) and Crewe (14) aided Bullock to knock off the runs, and the homesters won the game by 27 runs. Bullock batted finely for 36 not out.
Silverdale Second and Bignall End met on the ground of the latter. The visitors batted first, but the bowling of Burgo and Dale was much too good for them, and had it not been for a plucky display by T. Ellams (22), a poor result would have been shown. The innings closed for 43. Dale and Burgess equally divided the wickets. The Colliers did not show form above the average, but it was a shade better than that of their opponents, and victory rested on their side by four wickets. G. Burgess batted well for 21, as did Dale for 15.
Silverdale Primitives met Bucknall Church, on the ground of the latter. The homesters winning the toss, elected to bat, but this was a doubtful advantage, as they gave a wretched display, and were all dismissed for the paltry score of 20. W. Lowe was responsible for this collapse, as he actually captured eight wickets for 10 runs. Against this the visitors showed decidedly superior form with the bat, and with only three wickets down the match was won. The total had reached 62 for six wickets. Edwards (28) and Ford (18) batted well.
Lawton Park met Middleport. The visitors (Middleport) batted first, but nothing exceptional was done with the bat. F. Richardson (14) and Bayley (11) were the only two to gain double figures, and the whole side were got rid of for 46. Against this the homesters showed somewhat better all round form, as with one exception only the whole of the members contributed to the score, extras being heaviest with 17, T. Cope (12) and V. Boulton (10 not out) showed fair form. The innings closed for 79, thus leaving the homesters winners.
Hanford not having a League match to play, journeyed to Keele, and no doubt this game will long remain in their memories. Batting first they put together the tremendous total of 11 runs, 5 of these being byes. These, however, were distributed between Cooper (4) and Wilson (2), leaving nine members with ducks.
Jones had the remarkable average of six wickets for no runs.
The homesters had little difficulty in knocking off the runs, but with the exception of G. Taylor (not out 15) no one showed form above the average, and the whole side were dismissed for 44.
Fenton Second received a visit from Knypersley. The homesters batted first and some fair form was shown throughout the innings, several members just failing to gain double figures after batting in promising style. Wright was top scorer with 19, when he was unluckily run out. The innings closed for 91. The visitors then went to the wickets, but no stand was made against the bowling of Sandland partnered the doctor. The score was increased to 41 before Dr. Todd was given out leg before after compiling 16. T. Upton helped Taylor, who was batting very freely. H. Gatenbury contributed 8. W. G. Stephenson and Taylor carried out their bats. The latter had just completed his 50, which added to 56, not out, makes a fair average. When stumps were drawn Drayton had knocked together 102 for four wickets.

BURSLEM BOYS' CRICKET LEAGUE.

Clubs Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
St. John's ...... 5 .... 4 .... 1 .... 0 .... 8
Hill Top ....... 5 .... 4 .... 1 .... 0 .... 8
North Road ...... 3 .... 3 .... 0 .... 0 .... 6
Granville's ...... 4 .... 3 .... 1 .... 0 .... 6
Catholic ........ 4 .... 2 .... 2 .... 0 .... 4
Middleport....... 5 .... 2 .... 3 .... 0 .... 4
Newport......... 5 .... 1 .... 4 .... 0 .... 2
Cobridge Church.. 3 .... 0 .... 3 .... 0 .... 0
Wesleyans ....... 4 .... 0 .... 4 .... 0 .... 0

Best Batting.

F. Bates, Longport, 22.
E. Edwards, Longport, 18 (not out).

Best Bowling.

J. Whittingham, Longport, ten wickets for 4 runs.
W. Robinson, Wesleyan, six wickets for 19 runs.