STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-2

NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE AND
DISTRICT LEAGUE.

1st DIVISION.
RESULT UP TO DATE.

Name etc. Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. Pts.
Crewe .... 6 .... 4 .... 0 .... 2 .... 10
Porthill ........ 6 .... 3 .... 2 .... 1 .... 7
Burslem ........ 6 .... 3 .... 2 .... 1 .... 7
Tunstall ........ 5 .... 2 .... 1 .... 2 .... 6
Silverdale .... 7 .... 2 .... 3 .... 2 .... 6
County Club ........ 6 .... 2 .... 3 .... 1 .... 5
Leek ............ 6 .... 1 .... 4 .... 1 .... 3
Fenton............ 6 .... 1 .... 4 .... 1 .... 3
Nantwich ........ 5 .... 0 .... 2 .... 2 .... 2
Norton ............ 6 .... 0 .... 5 .... 1 .... 1

2nd DIVISION.
UP TO AND INCLUDING JUNE 1st.

Clubs. Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
Nantwich ........ 5 .... 4 .... 0 .... 1 .... 9
Audley ............ 5 .... 4 .... 1 .... 0 .... 8
Hassall End ........ 6 .... 3 .... 1 .... 2 .... 8
Leek Church........ 5 .... 3 .... 1 .... 1 .... 7
Tunstall ............ 5 .... 2 .... 1 .... 2 .... 6
Great Hall........ 7 .... 2 .... 5 .... 0 .... 4
Fenton Church.... 6 .... 1 .... 4 .... 1 .... 3
Silverdale ........ 6 .... 1 .... 5 .... 0 .... 2
Crewe Hall .... 6 .... 0 .... 5 .... 1 .... 1

Saturday last would not have been considered, for
cricketers, a meteorological success. All the same,
however, met to fulfil their engagements, but unlike
the matches that were played on the 25th ult.—when
all the teams were worried by the weather in the
same fashion—some of the matches last week were
drawn, and some were completed.

The principal match of the day was probably the
one played by Burslem against the County at Stoke.
It was rendered all the more important by the fact
that the County put in the field the strongest team
it has ever played. In this match Mr. A. H. Heath
figured for the first time in League cricket. Not-
withstanding a good commencement by the County,
when the scoring Board showed two wickets down
for 43 runs, the whole eleven could only muster 65
runs. This was the result of some splendid bowling
by Hulme, who had the wonderful average of nine
wickets for 25 runs. Burslem made but short work
of this score, and at the completion of the game had
scored 68 runs for five wickets, Brown, not out, 31,
and Brownfield 13, being the principal scorers.
Burslem won by five wickets and 3 runs.

The fuzz-holders had a week-end at Leek, where
they opened the new Moorland Cricket Ground.
This match was not completed, several adjournments
for rain interfering with the time. Leek appeared
to beat adversity, and helped by a score of 45 by
their professional Kirkby, and by Messrs. Wright
and Brunt, who also scored usefully, the side
manipulated 111 when it declared its innings closed
with the loss of nine wickets. To this Crewe made
rather a feeble response, and uncertain as the game
is known to be, it can be safely assumed that Crewe
is satisfied with the one point it has obtained. At
32 for four wickets by Crewe the game was aban-
doned.

Norton and Fenton saw the completion of their
match. Fenton, backed up by a bit of good scoring
as the completion of the innings, made 94 runs, a
score which appeared at one time to be very im-
probable. Birks, Rhodes, J. Turner, and Doos
were the chief batsmen. Norton could only respond
with 56 runs, and thus lost their fourth League
match.

The scoring match of the day was played at Tun-
stall, where Porthill seems to have done what the
home team pretty well it liked. At 162 runs
for three wickets, the highest score for three wickets
that has ever been recorded in the League, Porthill
declared its innings closed, and Tunstall responded
with but 102 runs, and thus were easily beaten.
In this match Porthill are to be congratulated upon
the scores made by Messrs. Bennett and King, their
professionals, who made 52 not out and 64 respec-
tively, and H. F. Wood, 36, with Mr. Dean, who
made 21. Tunstall's performance would have been
mediocre in the extreme had it not have been for the
last wicket performance by Messrs. Buckley (20) and
Gater (25).

Silverdale journeyed to Nantwich, where another
drawn game was played, Silverdale making the
useful score of 123 when rain stopped play. Silver-
dale's record was strongly assisted by its left-
handed batsmen—Messrs. Reynolds, Burrows, and
Johnson, who made 45, 22, and 12 respectively. On
Whit-Monday Silverdale met Burslem before a very
large assembly of spectators, and although strongly
weakened by the absence of Walklate and Lightfoot,
they inflicted a severe defeat upon the mother town,
scoring 88 for two wickets as against 54 by the
Burslem team. This match was a most sensational
one, 50 runs being scored by Burslem without the
loss of a wicket, when almost with consecutive balls
Hulme, Garner, Brownfield, and Brown were all
taken, and the completion of the innings was simply
a procession to the pavilion. Silverdale's score was
almost entirely made by Messrs. Colvin and
Reynolds, who under the circumstances batted well
and insured for their side a complete victory.

The principal features of these matches can be
briefly noted. To make nearly 300 runs in an after-
noon that is somewhat interfered with by rain,
proves, as has been previously stated, that Tunstall
has the easiest scoring ground in the League. The
in and out play of Burslem in the matches played
on Saturday and Monday have been that
must be noted by those who follow League cricket.
The position of the League table is becoming
interesting, very little difference being noticeable
between the position occupied by the clubs who hold
the medium positions. None of the first three clubs
have met each other at present, and there can be no
doubt that the matches between them will be most
eagerly contested. To-day all the teams are
occupied again. Burslem v. Norton, County v.
Leek, Porthill v. Fenton, Silverdale v. Crewe, and
Tunstall v. Nantwich.

NANTWICH.

Rain again on Saturday put hopes and doubts at
rest. Silverdale came over and scored 123 runs.
The fine weather lasted exactly long enough for the
completion of their innings. We had begun to ask
ourselves the question whether the wicket and our
men were good enough for 123 runs, and our people
were shaking their heads, some up and down and
some sideways [unclear]ing Yes and No. Then trained.

It was five o'clock, and over an hour was spent in
story-telling in the pavilion. Stevenson was going
to say something about the state of the wicket at

Crewe, when it was discovered that "it's gone off,"
and visitors were turning out of their apartments
with the umpires. The home side sent out Pearson
and Holloway, and no sooner had they marked the
crease than a drizzle commenced. However, Pear-
man waited till 2 runs were got and then obligingly
Lightfoot by closing the way for Stevenson. Two
or three overs followed and half a dozen runs
were added. Then the rain fell faster and the
players returned to shelter. The spectators were
now invisible, and the players were not long in
deciding to share the two points, the game being
left drawn.

The innings of Silverdale, whose style of play is
known to Nantwich from many years' experience,
had one very extraordinary feature. T.
Clarke and J. Johnson have been com-
panion bowlers since boyhood, and they
have never bowled before last Saturday without
doing some damage more or less serious. In this
match, although they had a good turn each, neither
of them took a single wicket. Clarke was beaten by
his own side, twice at least. Pearson took five wickets,
were successful for 32. Pearson took five wickets,
and the other five fall to Roberts for only a few more
runs. Nantwich have suffered for want of a change
of bowlers, and it is gratifying to see this couple
coming out so well.

The innings was also remarkable for bad fielding.
Curiously the best part of it, K. P. Reynolds's 43,
was free from fault than anything else. It is only
fair to him to say so. His careful batting, some-
thing after Barlow's "stone-wall" style, was
watched by the Nantwich supporters with a little
impatience, but it must be admitted that some of
our batsmen would do much better by following his
example.

Nantwich have always had a reputation for good
fielding—for their ability to save, as well as to get,
runs. They fielded somewhat indifferently against
Crewe, and badly against Silverdale. There is a good
reason why. It is simply want of practice.
When the countryman prophesied that he might
become a good fiddler he was wise enough to add
that what he wanted was plenty of practice. Good
cricketers, like good fiddlers, cannot play well with-
out continued practice.

I am glad to say it is not the fault of the Wychens
that they have not been up regularly for practice.
Depending for their existence more upon work than
play, they have been obliged to attend
to work first, and that has kept most
of them going lately till dark. Tom Bullock
was quite right when he said on being asked why
he was out of form, "You can't expect a chap to
work as long as it is light, going entirely without
practice during the week, and also keep up his form
in bowling or batting on Saturday afternoon, the
only time he to free." They have been working
harder lately to make up a little for bad times.
They will have more leisure now for practice, and
we shall soon find the Wycher himself again, like
Richard.

Mr. A. N. Hornby had promised to play for
Nantwich against Silverdale, but found himself in
the morning unable to appear in the field. Mr.
Charles Hassall was another absentee from the scene
of play, but he found his way to the pavilion.
Asked why he had not donned his white suit, he
laconically said "Not picked." There's some mis-
understanding about this, surely.

SECOND TEAM.

The undefeated champions of the second division
of the League made their first appearance at Silver-
dale. Our captain winning the toss, sent in G.
Hinse and H. Shenton, to the bowling of Ellerton
and Buckton. Hinde made 21, when he was caught
by Wynne. Heath, who came next, usually troubles
the bowlers, but, owing to some misunderstanding,
he was run out. Shenton his [unclear] [unclear] from
was run out after making 4. Hall, who has failed to
come up to expectation in the batting line before this
season, knocked up 24. Walker and Hall gave
very little assistance to Shenton, who continued to
play well, but on his brother partnering him things
became livelier. They stayed together till the total
was 125 for five wickets, N. Shenton carrying his bat
out for a splendidly played 65. The match was ulti-
mately ended in a draw. Rain stopped play when
the home team had lost one wicket for 31. W.
Edwards has returned to the field. He did not bat
on Saturday, but he is a good acquisition and
[unclear] [unclear] [unclear]

BURSLEM.
(By "LONG-STOP.")

I don't know whether it was the hot weather or
the anniversary of my falling in the canal, or the
approach of the full moon, but I had an idea that
something would happen this Whit-week. And I
had a chance of going away where I should have
clothed myself with a gloriously happy content-
ment, but instead of that I stayed to see Burslem
play cricket. That is—looking at it from this point
—quite sufficient to get me off any serious charge on
the plea of insanity.

The game, Burslem v. County Club, had been
ushered into this world half-an-hour when I reached
the Stoke ground on Saturday last. With some
trepidation I cast my eyes more backwards, and I
found it was a healthy inform, 40 looking up for two
wickets, and Messrs. Heaton and Heath helping
themselves to the deliveries of Brown and Hulme.
When somebody told me that Burslem had won the
toss, I was filled with disgust, and I had enough to
spare to fill a man bigger than myself. Afterwards
I was reminded that putting elegant in came
off, and that Burslem won, but I don't care
for that. I believe that we lost the flag last year by
that principle; and, although it answered on Satur-
day, it would not do nineteen times out of twenty
against the same eleven. After the advent of 40-2 a
very judicious change was made, "Tommy"
replacing Hulme, and afterwards the Derbyshire
pro. changed ends. From that time Dame Fortune
seemed to rain wickets on Hulme. He took the lot,
and seemed, like Oliver Twist, to want more, and
in all had the splendid average of nine for 25. The
County's total was 65 runs.

Burslem commenced confidently, remembering
that she had never yet been put out for less than 65
during the tournament. Three good wickets for 10,
—Willshaw, Hulme, and Leigh—looked bad as
the threatening clouds that were hanging above,
but when Brown smashed Major for 14 in four
balls I began to emit smiles; and resolute hitting
by Brownfield (18) and Brown (31) not out, made a
victory by five wickets a certainty. No one else did
anything that warrants me in advertising them in
this journal.

THE SILVERDALE MATCH.

Were you there? If so, you ought to have some
of your money back; if not, you should return
thanks every quarter of an hour. It was awful. I
thought of commencing this part with a series of
advertisements; there is an opening for one offering
the club at a going concern: very much going,
but I don't think I should get an offer. One
headed "Lost, stolen, or strayed" for Sam's
recovery would have been worth inserting,
but I hear he's been found. Well, let me get
it over. I went to Cobridge all right,
and returned ditto, but what happened between the
coming and going I should like to blot out of my
recollection for ever. And it was all so easily done
too. Sit round and let me tell you. Silverdale
turned up at half-past three o'clock, having been
delayed by a railway accident. If it hadn't hurt
any of them much I could have desired that acci-
dent to have been exchanged for an earthquake.
When they had their men ready they took the field,
and Burslem commenced to bat. The commence-
ment was right enough, for thirty went on the
board before a wicket went down, but after that
the light went out of my heart, and I sat
and wondered whether an advertisement that
I had seen was genuine relating to
a complete funeral for £1 19s. 6d.—hearse, horse,
and coffin—and whether my Burslem half-penny
club burial society was paid up. Hulme (who had
made 25), Garner, Brownfield, and Brown were out
in two overs, and the rest of the side were morally
out before they went in. Meakin lashed out at the
finish and made 10 not out, and the side was out for
54. Nine men made 16 runs between them, and
without assistance.

Burslem's batting was bad enough in all con-
science, but the fielding was worse. Silverdale
never played a weaker team, being minus Lightfoot
and Walklate, who played in the first match at
Silverdale, when Burslem won so easily. "Least
said soonest mended" is an old and true motto, and
I shall content myself by saying that the team will
rise from its defeat and show to the public by whom
it is so generously supported that the mistakes of
the day will be immediately remedied, and future
performances show that the batting, bowling, and
fielding form of Whit-Monday was not true form.
Let us hope so.

WESLEYAN.

On Saturday last we visited the Smallthorne club
on their ground at New Ford. The home team won
the toss, and put the visitors in on a fairly good
wicket. The start was a good one, the first wicket
falling at 13, and the second at 26; but after this
our wickets fell rapidly, and the whole of us were
dismissed for the poor total of 35, Holdcroft and
Grinsell being the chief contributors to this
with 13 and 8 respectively. The home
team, unlike us, started badly, but finished
strong. Five wickets went down before the re-
quired number were knocked off, but the remaining
two brought the total score up to 112. Thus the
home team won by a very large majority, which
might have been considerably less had our fielding
been anything like.

On Saturday we visit Knypersley, when we are
hoping to have a very pleasant trip.

SILVERDALE.
(By the G.C.O.L.M.)

Dull and dismal was the morning, and sour and
savage the temper of the village martyrs when they
embarked for Nantwich last Saturday.

The town of leather was reached in time, and
nothing being apparently wrong with the wicket
the dusty ones chose an innings. Burrows went in
with his captain to make 50, and did nothing of the
kind, as he only made 22, while W. H. made 9 less,
the umpire wishing him to retire at this point.
Umpires' wishes are commands, so the sunny-haired
(if not at this juncture) sunny-tempered one, retired
to a neighbouring ditch bank, where he read 27
different copies of "Lillywhite's Cricket Annual."
Rule 24, he mused, does say "that if the batsman
stops the ball with any part of his person when it
would hit the wicket he shall be out;" but Rule 22
says "if he plays it with his hand and the ball is
taken he shall be out—caught." Does this mean
that a man playing right hard with the back of his
glove is l b w. "Still these troubled thoughts,"
said the philosopher passing by, "umpires are but
mortal." "True," said the aggrieved hero, "but I
wish this one was immortal."

Reynolds came in to do penance, but no one would
stop with him until "A.B." appeared. The two am-
bitious ones stayed about an hour, when the
younger one was tired. Lightfoot, the lively one,
made a dozen, but no one else did much, the innings
closing for 123, of which Reynolds (45) made by
good, sterling batting. It is worthy of notice
that neither Clarke nor Johnson took a
wicket. Howell was a spectator on the field.
A long period of stoppage through rain followed. As
a matter of fact the rain was the only thing that did
not stop, but to please the leather-lunged ones, the
minors batted a few overs until it became a regular
downpour, in which time Nantwich lost one wicket
for 8 runs. It rained till the brake started, and all
the way home.

The second eleven, minus Boulton, could not do
much with Nantwich second, who made 126 for five
wickets, but the youngsters made 31 for one, and
honours rested easy.

Monday was set apart for the special purpose of
amusing the children of the "Mother town." Those
who went in the morning were lucky, as the engine
having, perhaps some idea of what it had to carry,
broke down at Madeley-road, and it was fully an
hour and a quarter late before the stragglers, some
coming by train, some by Shank's mare, and others
by parcel post, were ready to begin.

I strolled on the ground to see 30 go up for no
wicket and Hulme and Garner batting, from which
I concluded Silverdale was fielding. An elderly
gentleman of commanding presence (that somebody
towards end was Grandpa) approached me, and said
sternly, "I understand you have not brought your
best team. Do you think anything good enough for
Burslem?" I meekly answered, "I dunno; I will
work it out by decimals, and tell you later on."
At this point came a shout, and somebody
said Hulme or Garner was out. More shouts,
signifying I suppose more "outs," and I met the
secretary. "This is very sickly," he said. "Have
you seen 'Longstop'?" I had not and passed on.
Somehow everyone seemed to be familiar but
[unclear]. I almost recognised five or six, but