STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL. SATURDAY 15 JUNE 1895-2.

C R E W E.
THE CHAMPIONS IN GOOD FORM.
The Alexandra players always look forward to the Silverdale match as a pleasant outing, for the care of the North Staffordshire Railway is entirely dispensed with on this occasion, and a more elaborate turn out is requisitioned to complete the journey!

The team which was originally selected to do duty, underwent a couple of alterations as Meadows was unable to assist his colleagues through his military duties on Cannock Marsh, where he was encamped with the 5th Cheshire. George Henshall also found it impossible to play through an injury he received at Leek, therefore Mr. Gurst was called upon to supply two competent deputies from the A team, Messrs. J. Lyon and S. Fleet being the chosen and fortunate individuals.

The match will, no doubt, receive the attention of your resident correspondent, and it will be most agreeable reading to the patrons of the Alexandra Club to know how Edgar O'Bourn made 38, Erny Payne 63 (including two 5's down the bank), and Dutton not out 14. But the finishing stages, when the innings was declared closed for 174 for six wickets, must have been, to say the least, aggravating and annoying to the G.O.O.L.S.I., who was present along with several brethren belonging to the ancient craft so closely associated with North Staffordshire.

I have already heard several versions of the match, and how the Alexandra snatched a brilliant victory, just at the time when several gentlemen were discussing the point at Burslem that it would be impossible for Crewe to get Silverdale team out. These prognastications and suppositions were dispelled by the splendid bowling of Fenni, whose analysis reads as follows:—29 overs, 4 maidens, 37 runs, and 7 wickets.

The Crewe players are of the opinion that every means was resorted to by the home club to make a draw, and on several occasions the visitors came in for some rather uncomplimentary expressions from the crowd, who had worked up their feelings to concert pitch, as wicket after wicket fell, and with time gradually approaching it made them rather unruly. Still, if Silverdale are satisfied I know Crewe are.

ALEXANDRA A TEAM.
According to the fixture list Northwich were due to meet the Alexandra Second Eleven, but from some cause or other they did not fulfil the engagement. The Post Office, however, came to the rescue, and a very good game indeed was witnessed on the Alexandra ground. The visiting team deserve every credit for the endeavours they made to lower the colours of their opponents, and if George Meadows and Harry Lindop had been able to assist their colleagues it's just a question which side would have won. The Postmen batted first, and some good cricket was seen during the early stages, as E. Cooke made 15 before he was bowled by Billington. T. Harvey (11) and Kin Holiday (17) took on the score to something like 50, when Billington ultimately succeeded in capturing them from fluky hits, Howard and Holshaw doing the needful for the bowler. After this very little discretion was used, as Redfern, Clacke, and Burgess were run out in quick succession, which brought the Postals' essay to a quick termination, the total being 73, including 11 extras.

The Alexandras commenced with Bowman and Bolshaw, but the latter did not reign long as he was smartly run out after making a quartette. A. Evanson followed, and a fair stand was made, the former running up 20 and the latter 13 before they were parted. Howard failed to score, and let in Arthur Pearson, who was joined by Barlow. This association also caused some anxiety to the Post-office trundlers, and several changes of bowling took place during their stay at the wicket, but eventually Redfern found their weak spot, dismissing Pearson, who had made 10, and Barlow 15. O. Holliday showed capital form for a dozen before he fell a victim to the same bowler. The remaining wickets fell rapidly, owing to the splendid deliveries of Redfern, and the efforts of the Alexandra Second just reached the century when the last man was bowled by Kin Holliday, W. Gurst, the hardworking secretary for the team, being not out 4.

I am of opinion that the Postmen surprised their opponents by the bold front they exhibited on this occasion, and it is gratifying to note that the new postmaster, Mr. Grindley, was present at the match and appeared to be greatly interested in the welfare of the team belonging to his department.

THE CONGREGATIONAL.
The match which took place on the ground situated near the Rockwood, between the Congregational and Wrinehill, was quite an exciting affair. It appears that the homesters batted first and made 63, W. Challinor contributing 18, while T. Lewis also made 12. With these exceptions none of the others came out with distinction.

The visitors commenced fairly well and were just beginning to realise the seriousness of the situation when T. Hartley came to the rescue, and by accomplishing the "hat trick," and other wonderful feats with the ball, he was mainly responsible for the dismissal of his opponents for 56 runs, and thus snatched a victory for the Congregational with only five minutes to spare.

THE ATHLETIC.
The Athletic had a very pleasant outing at Leek, where they had a fixture with Leek second team. The homesters, however, proved their superiority, as they made 93 to the Crewe contingency's 61. For the visitors W. Broady was top scorer with 19, while Muxaley was most successful with the ball, taking six wickets for 24. A new man (A. Wainwright) was tried for the first time, and he gave every promise of proving a valuable acquisition to the Athletic, but unfortunately he got his leg in front (so the umpire said), and he was rather disappointed in not being able to give more assistance.

FREE CHURCH.
The Free Church had Bignall End Second team for opponents, and the homesters had no difficulty in registering a very easy victory by 20 runs. The innings of the Free Church amounted to 72, Cowley as usual being in evidence with 14, Colclough following with 10, and Kettle with a similar number, while extras was top scorer with 16. Bignall End made 52, White being top scorer with 13 not out.

HIGHTOWN WESLEYANS.
The Hightowners had a fixture with the Loco. Stores, but the latter were unable to vanquish their opponents, although they had the benefit of playing on their own turf. The Wesleyans made 66, of which W. Bowen made 13 and Fisher not out 10, and the extras amounted to no less than 13. The Stores made very feeble efforts during their innings, as none of the batsmen reached double figures, and the total was only 46.

It has been decided to give George Henshall, one of the oldest players in the Alexandra team, a benefit match this season, and the League fixture with Porthill, on August 17th, has been specially set apart for this unassuming and faithful servant of the Alexandra club.

T U N S T A L L.
Tunstall lost another couple of points on Saturday, being defeated in a League match on their own ground by Nantwich. The game proved to be an interesting one, and attracted a good crowd. The Nantwich captain won the toss, and put the home team in. This, as events turned out, was a judicious move from the Nantwich point of view, for Tunstall were exceptionally unlucky in batting, and were all dismissed for a total of 81. Matlock, Hopkins, and Walker were the only batsmen in the Tunstall team who made respectable scores. The Tunstall pro. was in grand form with the bat, and he hit out in vigorous style, running up a score rapidly. He had made 26, and seemed likely to get his fifty from the easy manner in which he played the bowling, when he had the misfortune to get run out. He was warmly congratulated on his very creditable score. Hopkins, as usual, played a free hitting game for his 17, and Walker displayed great patience for 12. Nantwich proved themselves to be no less strong in the batting department as in bowling, and having run up a score of 145 won easily with five wickets to spare. The feature of the innings was the play of Hollinwood, who justified his reputation as a good bat by making 66 (not out), whilst T. Clarke (19), T. Bullock (18), and Johnson (not out), and E. G. Stevenson (11), all rendered useful service to their team. At one time in the game Gater created considerable excitement by taking four wickets—those of Stevenson, Pierman and Roberts—in four consecutive balls. He was heartily cheered for this feat, and a collection was made on the ground for his benefit.

In reference to the remarks made under this heading in regard to the friendly match Tunstall v. Tean—which was played some weeks ago at Tunstall and resulted in a drawn game, the stumps being drawn in the middle of an over, when Tunstall required only 2 runs to win—we have received a letter from Mr. Shenton, the hon. sec. of the Tean club. He takes exception to some of the remarks made, and wishes to state that it was incorrect to say that the Tean umpire called time six minutes before the proper time, and that the Tunstall spectators did not hoot the Tean umpire or players. The match, he says, was finished properly in every respect but one, and that was as to the question whether an over must be finished after time was up. The captains, he explains, before the match commenced, informed the umpires that they had arranged to play until 6 45. The umpires compared watches, and agreed to play until 6 45 by the Tunstall umpire's watch, and when that time arrived, "time" was announced by both umpires. We have pleasure in giving publicity to Mr. Shenton's remarks. We have no desire to do an injustice to the Tean umpire or anyone else. Three facts, however, seem to be pretty clear:—that there was bungling on the part of some one; that the actual time the captains agreed on had not arrived when the stumps were drawn, and that Tunstall did not win the match, but had to be content with a drawn game to the annoyance of the spectators.

P O R T H I L L   P A R K.
Porthill .................... 40 for 7 wickets.
Porthill .................... 121 for 9 wickets.
Fenton .................... 40 for 1 wicket.
Fenton .................... 60 for 10 wickets.

A glance at the above figures will at once give any who did not witness last Saturday's game with Fenton some idea of the hopes that the Fenton players indulged in and the fears that Porthill attempted to put aside at various stages of the game. Once more we had an instance of the glorious uncertainty of the game of cricket. Not even the most rabid supporter of Porthill anticipated that when seven wickets had only yielded 40 runs, 80 more would be totalled for the loss of two additional wickets, but this was the case, and G. Bateman and W. Holdcroft, who were responsible for this remarkable change in the game, played in the style which has frequently distinguished their play in the past. When the score reached 98, Bateman fell to a catch, and the Rev. F. W. Hinde very quickly assisted Holdcroft to take the score to 115, hopes being freely expressed that Holdcroft would manage to reach 50 before the close of the innings, but this was not to be, as the question of points made it necessary to close the innings at 121, Holdcroft then having scored 40, not out, an innings played quite in his best form, and gladly welcomed by his many friends, who were pleased to see his return to form. Turner bowled very well, taking seven wickets for 44; but Briscoe met with very little success against his old comrades. Early in the innings he captured King's wicket with a very good ball, but this was the only success he had, and towards the end of the innings he was scored off very freely. Bennett, with a very good innings of 14, G. Bateman 23, Rev. F. Hinde 12, and W. Holdcroft 49 (not out), were the principal contributors.

Fenton started their innings with just time for a possible win, and by the way that J. Turner and Merritt played the win seemed more likely than not. In the absence of Poole, our wicket-keeper, they took liberties with the bowling of Bennett, King, and H. F. Wood which they otherwise would not have been able to do, and the score mounted rapidly until Turner played across at a straight one from Bateman (who had succeeded Bennett at the Burslem end of the ground) and was bowled, the total then being as given above (48 for one wicket). At this point Bennett went on bowling at the other end, having

had no success previously, and he and Bateman between them accounted for the rest of the Fenton from. These they couldn't bowl they caught, Iron- not making one catch off Bateman's bowling, and Bateman two off Bennett's, the full total being 68, of which Bennett had six wickets for 23, and Bateman four for 13. From the time Bennett went on bowling the second time, he was almost unplayable, and his analysis for that part of the game was six wickets for 8 runs, a sufficient proof of the quality of his bowling. Bateman, too, bowled very well indeed, and once again with his all-round good play showed of what good service he is to his club. Merritt and J. Turner, with scores of 23 and 19, were the only men seen to advantage with the bat for Fenton, who had the addition of still another footballer to their team, in the shape of the Wanderer, C. Baker, who very early succumbed to one of Bennett's best.

So far, Porthill have done as well in the League competition as they could hope, and in seven matches have gained 11 points. In exactly the same matches last year the points gained were seven, so that the improvement this year is plainly shown.

To-day, Silverdale are being played away, and as it was the match last year which started a retrograde movement, every one will look anxiously at the result in another part of this issue.

Next Saturday, Burslem come to Porthill, and given fine weather, a grand game, a record gate, and we hope a win for Porthill will all be scored. The composition of each team has altered so materially since this; last meet that very little idea can be formed except from this year's performances, and these point to a close match. The committee having in view this game particularly have constructed an extensive enclosure which they anticipate will be a great convenience to subscribers and friends, and also add to the income to some extent.

All Wolstanton readers would be pleased to see Porthill so well represented in the county match at Stoke, by King, H. F. Wood, and J. Poole, and will also be glad to know that although Bennett did not have much opportunity in bowling for Derbyshire v. Warwickshire, he has given satisfaction at headquarters by his all-round smart play.

F E N T O N.
[By "RAMBLER."]
Porthill and Fenton is usually counted as one of the "tie-bits" of the season by the frequenters of Porthill Park, and last week's meeting found the interest as keen as ever. Last year's game on the same enclosure ended in a fairly even draw, and the majority of those present last Saturday at one period of the game hoped for a similar result. The outlook was not encouraging. Clever bowling by Turner had resulted in seven of the Porthill batsmen receiving marching orders when only 40 runs had been scored. Out of this number Bennett claimed 14. Then luck came to the rescue of the home side. Detouan and Holdcroft were the fortunate pair to receive its assistance, and they had luck enough to satisfy a whole team. It is not often that they get two or three innings apiece in one match, and they made the most of it. Fifty-three runs were added to the score before they were separated, Bateman being the retiring party. The one who had the most luck stayed on and assisted to take the score to 121, when the closure was applied with only one wicket to fall. Why it was applied then, unless for the purpose of enabling Holdcroft to ensure having not out to his name, nobody could imagine.

From the above par it would appear that the umpires had made a mistake. This was so. I'm not going to blame the umpires. Mistakes will occur, but it does seem funny that the mistakes are never in favour of Fenton. A mistake that would enable Fenton to double a score of 40 would be useful. Whilst on the subject of mistakes I will mention a matter that agitates the minds of a number of Fentonians. They wonder how it is that they never, even by a mistake, get the admittedly best umpires on the League list at Fenton.

Nobody will accuse the umpires belonging to the League of being rivals to Thum and Carpenter, but in my opinion they are well worth the money they get. A man who has to leave his business, go without his dinner, pay his own railway fare, stand his own refreshments, and wait for his tea until supper-time, all for five bob, has enough to do without being worried with "How's that, umpire?" for four hours and a half. Those who are willing to do all this must have a greater love for the game than I have, and I'm not going to add to their troubles by calling them names. I would much rather abuse those who allow such things to exist.

And now I'll say a few words about the Fenton innings. Turner and Merritt went in first, as usual, and with all respect to the Porthill side, showed the best cricket of the afternoon. Runs were smartly obtained, and the score book showed 48 when a parting was effected. Before this was done several changes had been made in the attack, Bennett having also crossed over. This evidently suited him, as six wickets afterwards fell to his credit in rapid succession. W. Turner was practically useless owing to a split thumb, and Rowley was also among the damaged ones. All was over with the score standing at 68, Porthill securing an easy victory in the end.

After the match Briscoe was considerably chaffed about his not being successful. Why? If Porthill cannot play Briscoe after being associated with him for two seasons who ought to do?

I have just discovered that Fenton have a second string this year, but beyond knowing that they beat Knypersley by 15 runs at Fenton last week, I am all at sea. That's the disadvantage of one being a President or a secretary or something of the sort. At the same time it's nicer to be disinterested and to be able to say just what you like without being taken to task by players and committee men.

To-day the League team, or I should say, a League team, visit Nantwich. Last year's game was left undecided.

MOUNT PLEASANT.
At home our opponents were Silverdale St. Luke's. W. Edwards and B. Stanway faced the Silverdale bowling, and knocked up 10 runs before Edwards was bowled by Bowley. Booth (26) and F. Lea (23) were in good form, and fairly punished the Silverdale bowlers. J. Smith (15) and A. Smith (11) proved more than a match for the visitors, and finally Fenton declared, with the score at 120 for the