ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 29 JUNE 1895-3.

SPORTING NOTES
(From our Oxford Correspondent.)

Oxfordshire had decidedly the best of it in their
opening encounter with Worcestershire on Monday and
Tuesday last, 94 at the end, with 4 wickets against 5,
they were 88 runs to the good. The home team were
suffering under the disadvantage of playing two or
three men who had had very little practice this season.
I refer more especially to Gmelin and Day, who will
doubtless give a much better account of themselves
hereafter. Certainly, the former was by no means use-
less, and his 29 in the second innings especially was
very valuable, but he would probably have shown more
punishing power in the first venture had he been in
better practice.

It was a great treat to see Case hitting away with
such vigour and confidence, and his innings of 71 was
well worth seeing. Among the new men W. Smith
made a most successful debut, scoring 62 and 37 not
out, and will be sure to get a further trial, while the
only other batsman to do anything of note was Arnold,
who batted consistently for 32 and 30. The batting
on the whole, though, was in some respects hardly up
to county form. For instance, one hardly expects to
see county players running away from the bowling as
some of the men did. The brunt of the bowling, as
usual, fell on the brothers Rogers, though it was satis-
factory to find Case proving so successful.

The only batsman on the visiting side who showed
much form was G. E. Bromley-Martin, who obtained
44 and 54 not out by means of good cricket. Simpson
and Arnold, however, contributed useful scores in both
innings. The bowling honours were evenly distri-
buted, though Raynor and Millward were slightly
more successful than the rest, and Arnold had the
curious analysis of one over for 2 wickets and 2 runs.
The home fielding was good, and Headlam deserves
praise for some excellent wicket-keeping.

The Thame C.C. had a busy time last week, having
practically three matches on three successive days, for
Mr. C. H. Hull's XI was mostly composed of Thame
club men. Unfortunately they did not prove successful
in any of the matches, as they were beaten by Jesus
College by six runs, Cowley Barracks beat Mr. Hull's
XI. by 90 runs, and Mr. Bosworth-Smith's XI. beat
Thame by 38. Nevertheless in the last-mentioned
match the town has no right at any rate to feel
dissatisfied with its performance, for the visiting
eleven was a very strong one, including Arkwright,
Case, Morres, Johnson, and others. The blue was well
to the fore with the bat, and going in first made 120.
Case also did well for 32, but the rest of the visiting
team could do very little with the bowling of the
brothers Wells, and Morres being absent the innings
was concluded for 131. The local team did not start
well, but the tail came to the rescue, the last three
batsmen being responsible for 74 between them. Out
of this number P. Wells got 42 and Jones 21 not out.
Against such bowlers as Arkwright, Morres, and Case,
153 was not at all a bad score.

The Watlington XI might not inaptly be styled the
clerics, for I note that no less than four clergymen
figure in the team that opposed Aston Rowant on
Saturday last. There are parsons all over the country
who have been good cricketers in their day and many
would do well to imitate their colleagues of Watlington
and help their local clubs if they wish to raise their
influence among their younger parishioners. In the
match under notice the Rev. J. N. Napier fairly made
things hum with the bat, and by scoring 132 out of
201 for six wickets enabled his side to score an easy
victory over the men of Aston Rowant.

The Central Conservative Club played their first match
this season on Saturday against the Victoria. Welberry,
of the latter club, figured in the ranks of the Conser-
vatives, who had managed to get together a fair eleven,
while their opponents were not very well represented.
Going in first the Victoria made a satisfactory start,
B. T. Roberts and Nutt playing excellent cricket and
putting on 90 for the first wicket. After that, however,
no one did very much, and the innings closed for 151.
At the call of time the Conservatives for the loss of
five wickets had scored 127, Ridgway, Cummings, and
Knibbs being responsible for most of the runs.

I understand the City had rather the worst of it with
New College on Thursday, but not having seen the
details I cannot from my own knowledge say much about
it. By the way, the City Club Colts' match is fixed
for Monday and Tuesday, July 8th and 9th, and those
who intend playing should send in their names as soon
as possible. All details will be found in an advertise-
ment elsewhere.

Among the junior clubs on Saturday last St. Kenelm's
134 for 5 wickets beat St. Peter-le-Bailey, 48; Oxford
Temperance 81 for 5 wickets beat Summertown, 49;
and Y.M.C.A. Juniors 35 and 16 for 2 wickets beat
St. Thomas' 2nd XI. 29 and 20.

WITNEY v. EXETER COLLEGE.—A match was played
between the above clubs at Witney, on Wednesday,
resulting in a decisive win for the home team. Score:
WITNEY.—F Middleton, b Carey, 1; S Campbell, c Carey, b
Bromley, 51; H Marriott, b Bromley, 1; W Smith, jun., st
Brown, b Bromley, 18; H Smith, c Turner, b Bromley, 0; C S
Collier, b Bromley, 8; A J Marriott, b Bromley, 29; F Nelms,
b Bromley, 1; B Knight, c Turner, b Reynolds, 17; R Miles,
c and b Bromley, 9; W Smith, not out, 8. Byes, etc., 13.
Total, 156.
EXETER COLLEGE.—G T Cown, b Nelms, 1; b W Smith,
25; J Reynolds, b Collier, 0; b W Smith, 18; G M Carey,
l-b-w, b Collier, 0; at Miles, b W Smith, 0, B Bromley, b
Nelms, 0; b H Smith, 2, D H Cattell, b Collier, 4; at Miles,
b W Smith, 0. G K Carey, b Collier, 0; l.-W Smith, 9; G E
Turner, c H Smith, b Nelms, 5; b H Smith, 4. F Unwin, not
out, 2; b W Smith, 0. H Brunskill, b Collier, 0; not out, 1.
T M Currie, b Collier, 0; b W Smith, 0. J C Pringle, b Collier,
0; b W Smith, 0. Byes, etc., 5—2. Totals, 17—61.

WITNEY v. FARINGDON.—This match was played
on the ground of the latter on Saturday, and resulted
in a win for Faringdon on a single innings by five
runs. Score:—
WITNEY.—A Millward, c Luker, b Haines, 0; F. Middleton,
not out, 50; H Marriott, b Haines, 0; W. Smith, b S Luker, 35;
C S Collier, b Luker, 6; H. Smith, b S Luker, 0; A J Marriott,
c Wright, b Hodgkins, 0; F Nelms, b S Haines, b Luker, 3;
R Miles, c Hodgkins, b Luker, 2, R. Scarrot, b Hodgkins, 2;
H Vickers at Wright, b Haines, 8; extras, 7. Total 113.
FARINGDON.—K Haines, l-b-w, b Nelms, 1; F Haines, b
Collier, 0; Rev. Plampetre, b Nelms, 29; J Wright, b. Collier,
6; H J Hodgkins, b Collier, 57; Rev. Lamb, b Collier, 3;
M R Bullen, b Nelms, 7; S W Luker, l-b-w, b Nelms, 5; M
O Heeks, b Nelms, 1; E Belcher not out, 2; A Sheppard,
c Nelms, b H Smith, 5; extras, 6. Total, 120.

BURFORD v. NORTHLEACH.—These clubs met on the
20th instant, at Burford, in beautiful weather. The
visitors went in first and were dismissed for 64 runs.
Burford then went to the wickets and scored 150,
eventually winning by 86 runs on the first innings.
To the three brothers Cheattle belong the chief credit
of the success of the home team. Score:—
NORTHLEACH.—T W Taylor, b G Cheattle, 13; c Hambidge,
b Piggott, 13. J O Taylor, c E Cheattle, 0; not out, 7. Rev.
Hutchinson, b E Cheattle, 0; b G Cheattle, 2. F Wadley, b E
Cheattle, 0. W H Foster, b G Cheattle, 4; not out, 21. T H
Robinson, b E Cheattle, 0, T Hayward, not out, 19; run out,
8. F French, b G Cheattle, 1. Rev. Trotman, c Jones, b
Piggott, 13; b K Cheattle, 4. B Burge, c N Cheattle, b Piggott,
4. F Cook, c Jones, b Piggott, 1. Byes, etc., 9—19. Totals,
64—74 (4 wickets).
BURFORD.—F W Len, c O Taylor, b T Taylor, 7; E Cheattle,
b Hayward, 22; H F Piggott, c and b T Taylor, 8; G Cheattle,
l-b-w, b Foster, 40; N Cheattle, o Hayward, b Foster, 24; C B
Rowland, b Foster, 3; W N Adamson, b Foster, 1; F Drink-
water, c Foster, b O Taylor, 2; G Hambidge, not out, 15; A
Jones, c and b Taylor, 0; G W Bennett, b Foster, 6. Byes,
etc., 15. Total, 150.

BLENHEIM PARK C.C. v. HEADINGTON UNITED
C.C.—This match was played in Blenheim Park on
Saturday last, and resulted in a draw greatly in favour
of the home team. Total scores—B.P.C.C. (1st in-
nings) 186. Headington United, 66 for five wickets.
For Blenheim Park G. P. Bartholomew played a fine
innings for 50, J. E. Hines, 34; A. C. Miles, 20; G.
H. Earle (not out) 16. For Headington J. R. F.
Tanner made (not out) 29, and F. Bateman, 30.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
[On ground of first-named.]
JUNE 29TH.
Clarendon Press v. E.O.C.C.
Summertown v. Clarendon 2nd XI.
Corporation v. St. Barnabas.
St. Barnabas 2nd XI. v. Corporation 2nd XI.
Star v. Cowley St. John
Y.M.C.A. v. Star 2nd XI.
Peppard v. Henley.
Abingdon v. City.
Littlemore Asylum v. St. Paul's.
St. Paul's 2nd XI. v. Victoria 2nd XI.