STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-5.

The tail-end of a team is always looked upon as a-
bit shaky, but still, had rain and time allowed, we
had every hope of securing a victory. The fall of
the first wicket compared very favourably with that
of Sandbach, but it is not often the last four wickets
in an ordinary club are good for 70 odd runs, as was
the case with Sandbach. A comparison there was
rather difficult.
One especially pleasing feature of the game was
the display of batting Macclesfield gave.
I should like to shake hands with Mr. Hodgson,
who was given out l.b.w. I have followed cricket
for some years now, but he is the first gentleman I
have met who has freely acknowledged the justice
of the umpire's decision when given out for this
vexatious breach of the rules.
The Central Co-operative Club had a most enjoy-
able jaunt out Wilmslow way, where they acquitted
themselves very creditably against the Lindow
eleven. After scoring 76 for nine wickets they
declared their innings and left Lindow with 90 minutes
to beat them. When time was called the Lindow
total had reached 48 for three wickets. For the
Glutton Reddish came off with flying colours,
scoring 40 not out.
On Wednesday Macclesfield had a fixture on with
Brisholme; but a little discretion must be used oc-
casionally, and consequently full details are with-
held, otherwise we might have the County Com-
mittee after us en bloc.

NOTES AND COMMENTS.

Cricketing honours have been falling pretty
heavily on cricketers, who are now playing for local
clubs, or who have Staffordshire connections.
Marlow, who a few years ago was the finest bat in
the Staffordshire County eleven, made 155
for his adopted county — Sussex — against
Somerset, a county he played against for
his native shire about four years ago, when his
side were defeated by an innings and over 200 runs.
Bennett, the new Porthill pro., who has hitherto
played under the residential qualification for
Cheshire, played—and played well—for Derby-
shire—in which county he was born, on
Monday and Tuesday against Hampshire. King,
also of Porthill (if we are not mistaken), did some-
thing towards defeating Essex for Leicestershire on
the same date. The chief scorer on the Leicestershire
side against Yorkshire was Holland, of Nantwich.

Thursday seems to be a regular day for big
scoring. So far this season the heaviest scoring has
taken place on Thursdays. In all (save one) of the
first-class matches which commenced two days ago
the first innings yielded uncommonly big totals.
Here are the figures:—Sussex, 512; Cambridge
University, 515; Lancashire, 467; M.C.C. and
Gentlemen, 448; Surrey, 405. Yorkshire's 193 was
a comparatively light total. Including this, these
first innings totals amount in the aggregate to 2,561.
Of these nine batsmen made 1,077—an average of
120 each. These, nearly all obtained on one day,
are remarkable figures.

The Caverswall club have had a fairly busy time
of it this Whitsuntide, but they have just reason to
be satisfied with the results of their matches. Of
four played, including last Saturday's encounter,
not one has been lost or drawn; all of them have
ended in victories. Against Cheddleton they scored
111, the visiting club being dismissed for as near
half as it was possible to get of that total, viz., 56.
Against Porthill on Monday the team ran
up a total of 182 against which the
visitors made 134. Messrs. Bowers, Bridg-
wood, Young, Bettaney, and Cooper were
the chief scorers. At Denton on Tuesday,
162 runs were scored, the Collegians being dismissed
for 75. Mr. Morgan's bowling played havoc with
the students, five of whom fell to him for 29. On
Wednesday, Fenton were the visitors, and they ran
up the score of 122 before the last wicket fell. The
home club, however, were more than equal to the
occasion, the Fenton total being passed with five
wickets in hand. Mr. J. H. Copestake has proved
a most valuable acquisition to the team. The
old Longton and district player is in splendid
form just now, and his batting displays
always give pleasure to the onlookers, science
and dash being combined in his play.
Booth, the pro., is also doing capital service in all
departments. On Saturday he took six wickets for
19 runs, and on Tuesday he knocked 20 runs at
Denton. His stumping of the Fenton captain on
Wednesday was a very smart bit of work, and all
round the Porthill man has proved himself to be a
good investment.

A local cricketer who had a favourite ditty,
which has become pretty well-known, has laid it by
since last Saturday, and intends to learn something
now. That he could sing was known as well as the
fact that he could play cricket. It happened un-
luckily for him last Saturday that he was given no
other good chance than to run about for the ball; he
was kept going all the afternoon, and when time
was called for drawing stumps, and for the enjoy-
ment of a good meal he was not the last to leave the
scene of action. He remained one of a
jolly company, and his turn came at
last to sing. One of those things which
are nasty, whether spoken in innocence or with
sarcasm, and which one would rather have left un-
said, proved a jarring note on the harmony of the
proceedings. The cricketer was asked to give his
favourite song, and no wonder that he haughtily
declined. The song the company wanted was
"After the ball," and remembering how often he
had been after it that afternoon he thought his
friends were going, or wanted to drive him, a little
too far.

Nantwich Second, Audley, Bignall End, and
Leek Church are all in the running for the cham-
pionship of the Second Division of the League. The
Wickets at present lead, and are the only undefeated
[unclear]. Nine points out of a possible ten is good
[unclear]. Clough Hall, on the other hand, with one
[unclear] out of a possible twelve, bid fair to bring up the rear
unless they mend very quickly.

S. M. J. Woods, the Anglo-Australian, who has
done so much for Somerset, accomplished a per-
formance yesterday, which will probably stand for
some time unrivalled. He scored 215 runs. This is
the highest innings ever recorded for the western
county. It was not so much, however, what he did
as the way in which he did it which excites the
admiration. Somerset went in against a score of
[unclear], to which Willie Maddy had contributed
[unclear]. Four wickets were down for 97,
when "Sammy" Woods joined Poynton. He
[unclear] from the first to hit. His first
50 occupied him half-an-hour. He reached his
century in 80 minutes, and his second in an addi-
tional 55 minutes. In all he was at the wickets
only two hours and a half and scored 215 out of 232
put on while he was in. He hit a 5, thirty-two 4's,
five 3's, and fourteen 2's. Woods, it will be remem-
bered, came out as a fast bowler. He has repre-
sented England both at cricket and at Rugby football.

The efforts made by Mr. A. H. Heath and the
Rev. P. K. Mainwaring in "setting Staffordshire
on its cricketing legs again," are warmly commended
by the Cricket Field, which has pleasure in being
able to record that there is every prospect of success
attending their efforts, and that interest in cricket
in the Potteries has been stimulated to a very great
degree, chiefly by means of the North Staffordshire
Cricket League. It only needs the county eleven to
render a good account of themselves in the field to
ensure fairly large gates. The League clubs at
present show themselves disinclined to let off their
[unclear] for county matches—Burslem being (this
paper thinks) especially unsportsmanlike in this
respect—but this will probably be overcome if the
county proves to be coming strong.

That football can be made a paying concern is
proved by the Everton Club Company. At their
annual meeting this week the chairman, in moving
the adoption of the accounts, said the directors were
presenting nothing shorter than a marvellous balance-
sheet, considering the short period of working (three
years) and the present crisis. The balance-sheet was
one which must command the respect both in
the sporting and the commercial world.
During the three years they had written off for
depreciation of ground, etc., £1,949. They had paid
in respect of dividends £148 on the 283 shares issued,
and had placed £9,000 to the credit of the profit and
loss account. In other words, they had during the
three years made no less a sum than £9,319. Of
this they had had three [unclear]
[unclear] adverse circumstances meet them in the
[unclear] times they had something to fall back
[unclear] without calling upon the shareholders or
[unclear] for their support. During the past three
years they had handed upwards of £1,000 to chari-
ty. While the severe frost of last winter continued,
[unclear] labour was employed on the ground, and
[unclear] of 12,000 and 13,000 meals were distributed.
[unclear] a good record without counting the points
[unclear] on the League table. It is an example to
Burslem, who will be well satisfied if they can follow it.

JUNIOR CRICKET GOSSIP.

Saturday last was not by any means too favour-
able for our popular summer pastime, but neverthe-
less many matches were brought to a definite
conclusion.
Clough Hall cannot somehow cope against their
neighbouring clubs with any amount of success, and
were again defeated on Saturday last by Great Chell.
The game took place at Clough Hall, and, batting
first, the homesters fared disastrously, eight wickets
falling for 18 runs. Upon Neate and Benson join-
ing each other, however, a useful stand was made,
each batsman playing well, and finally the innings
closed for 48, Neate having obtained 11 and Benson
16 not out. The visitors easily knocked off the re-
quired runs with only four wickets down, Faulkner,
playing dashing cricket for his 20, the Chellites thus
winning easily.
Nantwich Second after giving an excellent batting
performance against Silverdale Second were robbed
of victory by the rain, the score standing 127 for
five wickets. Sheasby batted splendidly for 81 not
out, whilst Hinde also showed good form for 21.
Fenton Second and Barlaston on their own
ground. Batting first the visitors could do very
little with the bowling of George Boulton and
[unclear]land, and they were all dismissed for 22.
Boulton obtained five wickets for 15 runs,
[unclear] this the homesters [unclear] much better,
[unclear] and putting together the total of 65 runs, won
easily. Basford 11 and Twyford 15 showing good
form for their respective sides.
Hanford met their old opponents Kidsgrove, who
batted first. With the exception of [unclear] (15)
nothing could be done with the bowling of Cooper
and Williams, and the whole side were dismissed for
32 runs. Upon going to the wickets the Hanford
batsmen did not by any means show form good
enough to secure a victory; but thanks to the efforts
of Drinkwater, who scored 9 at a critical time, the
match was pulled out of the fire by 10 runs.