STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895 -4.

poor start, Bolshaw being bowled without scoring.
Price and Lyons then got together, and hit up some
runs, but when a parting was effected, the remainder
of the wickets fell rapidly, the wickets being down
for 63 runs, and seven men out. Bayslow took four
wickets for 24, and Parr two for 10.
Leek Highfield Second played Oakamoor Second
at Leek on Saturday and won by 20 runs. Leek
batted first, the highest scorers being Morley and
Bishop. The total realised 62. Johnson took five
wickets for 12 runs. The visitors replied with 42.
Malone was not out 15. W. Broster took seven
wickets for 11 runs.
Leek Church Club were engaged on Monday in a
League fixture with Bignall End, and lost. The
game should have been a draw.

CLOUGH HALL.
The Thursday's team against Bucknall Church
were again successful. It would appear so far that
this team is stronger than that of the Second League
team, and yet it has not the same opportunities for
practice. Bucknall had little luck at the commence-
ment of the game, and but for the staying powers of
Berrisford would have made a sorry show. The
batsman played a slow but sure game, and was not
out for 17. Warburton and Laskin both bowled
well, and the visitors were disposed of for 44 runs.
Thursday would appear to have been Warburton's
day, and he was ably supported by Wright when
wielding the bat, and the match was won with the
loss of two wickets for 43, though play was
afterwards continued until Clough score had
risen to 88. On Monday the club were successful
in their competition against Audley, but it was
evident that the attractions at the Hall drew away
the spectators from the match. On Monday the team
has the pleasure of meeting Stone club, and it is to
be hoped that it will prove successful. It is quite
time that it did so, since in the earlier matches of
the season its efforts were futile.

HANLEY Y.M.C.A.
Two matches and two victories in one week is
good business. A Thursday team having been
formed they played their first match on May 30th
against Stoke Post Office. The Y.M.C.A. at the
score of 103 for two wickets declared their innings
closed, Hardwicks and Salmon retiring with 57 (not
out) and 20 (not out) respectively to their credit.
The Post Office were all got out for 57,
leaving us winners by the handsome majority
of eight wickets and 46 runs. For the
Post Office, Boullanger (8), Shirley (11),
and Bigby (9) were the highest contributors. On
Saturday last we visited Fenton to play our return
match with Mount Pleasant. We were rather sur-
prised, however, to find they had such a poor ground,
considering that Alliance matches have to be
played thereon, but we played the match neverthe-
less, and after an exciting game won by 10 runs,
the totals reading: Y.M.C.A., 61; Fenton, 51. For
the Y.M.C.A., Hardwicks (34) and Salmon (11) were
again the highest scorers, while the bowling analysis
was: Hardwicks six for 17; Parry, two for 6; and
Richardson two for 18.

CREWE.
For two weeks rain has interfered with two of the
most important fixtures on the Alexandra list, and it
is still a mystery whether Crewe would have beaten
Nantwich, or whether Leek would have knocked the
champions off their perch. Still the fact remains
that the Moorlanders had made 111, while Crewe
had lost four of their very best bats for 32.
Judging from the remarks which have been made
by the Crewe contingent, it would appear they had
a most enjoyable outing in the Moorlands, and I
venture to predict that it would not take much per-
suasion to entice them into that district again. They
speak highly of their drive to Dovedale, and also
for the hospitality they received at the hands of the
Leek cricketers, who did everything to make their
visit a successful one. I am given to understand
"Little Jerry" was the recipient of a hearty vote
of thanks for his assiduous attention towards his
guests.
Speaking from a cricket point of view, the most
successful man on the Crewe side appears to be Riley,
who certainly distinguished himself as a bowler on
Saturday against Leek. He took seven wickets for
28 runs, while on Monday against Highfield he was
also responsible for five wickets for 20 runs. The
others have not done anything extraordinary.

THE ALEXANDRA "A" TEAM.
If there was any doubt existing as to the
merits of either the Alexandra "A" team
or the Athletic, I should imagine this has been
removed, for the Alexandra fairly got the upper-
hand of their opponents in a friendly match, played
on the ground of the former. The batting of the
homesters was the feature of the play, and the score
which was obtained by S. Plant is worthy of recogni-
tion. He became completely master of the situation,
and by hitting out right and left he managed to get
53 (not out), when the innings was declared closed at
135 for eight wickets. Bolshaw also made 34 in good
style, while Brennan (29) and Boardman (23) also
rendered material assistance towards the big total.
The visitors commenced very badly, as seven
wickets fell in rapid succession; but when W.
Muckle and Hayes got together a stubborn stand
was made. Twenty-four runs were compiled during
their association. Still they were all dismissed for
56, and the Alexandra "A" won very easily.
The Permanent Way had no fixtures.
The High Town Wesleyans encountered the Primiti-
ves on the latter's ground, and got slightly the
worst of the argument, as the home representatives
knocked up 96 for six wickets, and closed their
innings, Clarke being not out 31, and Birkett 32.
The Wesleyans had also lost six wickets for 43
when stumps were drawn, leaving the match incon-
clusive.
The Hightown "A" team secured a very easy
victory over Birley "A" eleven, as the village
only managed to get 45 during their term of office,
Maddocks, Bailey, and Mr. Extras being responsible
for 19 each. When the Hightowners got to work
they soon settled the question who were the best
exponents, and C. Foster, playing good all-round
cricket, piled on 65 before he was dismissed, F.
Johnson 13, and J. Sefton 7, also batted well for
their respective scores.
The Congregational made a very creditable draw
with the Salt Union at Winsford, as the Crewe
contingent made 62, of which F. Parment 19, and C.

Hulding 12, were the principal contributors. The
Salts had lost seven wickets for 47 when time was
called.
Mr. Abraham, the financial secretary of the
Alexandra Club, has just issued his annual financial
statement and report for the past year. From a
brief perusal it would appear that this important
club is in a flourishing condition. Last year the
balance carried forward was £59 5s. 11d., while on
the present occasion the balance is £119 6s. 5d. This
is a matter for congratulation, as no club or organi-
sation can expect to prosper without good financial
prospects, which can only be obtained by good
management, and this is one special feature in the
history of the Crewe Alexandra Club.
Don't forget the Alexandra sports next week.
There will be several important encounters, the pre-
sence of Charley Bradley, the English champion,
and A. R. Downer, the Scottish champion in the 100
yards' scratch, will be worth witnessing; while E.
C. Breda, the half-mile champion, and other high-
class luminaries in the athletic world should make
the forthcoming festival of the Crewe Alexandra one
of the best yet held.

BIGNALL END.
This club had no League fixture last Saturday, the
vacancy being filled up by the League team playing
twenty-two members of the Wesleyan adult class,
which is composed of players out of both Bignall
End and the Audley clubs. J. White, the hon. sec.
of the home club, and a member of the adult class,
had charge of the twenty-two. The League team
won the toss and decided to bat. E. Mayer and W.
Mayer going to the wickets to oppose the bowling of
White and Taylor. A good start was made, 25
being scored before the first wicket fell. The League
team all batted well, compiling 111 runs before they
were dismissed, several bowlers were tried and all
came in for their share of punishment. The adult
class then commenced to bat, and G. Burgess (cap-
tain) and E. Mayer shared the bowling, W.
Silvester going behind the wickets. Before any
runs were scored H. Fox was run out, and the next
three wickets fell for 1 run to G. Burgess, who
clean bowled them in two overs. The whole lot
were disposed of for 27 runs, George Burgess taking
twelve wickets for 9 runs.
On Whit-Monday the boss sec. had wisely
arranged for the team to journey to Leek to play
the League fixture with Church club. A good
number of supporters accompanied the team. The
Church club had not lost a match previous to last
Saturday for two seasons. We won the toss, and
sent the usual pair, W. Mayer and E. Mayer in to
bat, the bowling being shared by Matthews and
Byrne. A good start was made, 25 being scored
before the first wicket fell. E. Mayer was bowled
with an easy ball by Milner, for a well played 17.
G. Burgess, captain, joined the vice-captain, and
both batsmen treated the spectators to a bit of
grand hitting, it was a treat to see the field racing
after the ball. No avail. It was knocked all over the
field, and the score rose to 73 before a separation
was effected, G. Burgess succumbed to a catch by
Byrne off Milner for a well-played 23. W. Mayer
was unfortunately run out when he had scored 23
by good cricket, being one of the first men in and
fifth out. E. Johnson and T. Burgess now became
partners, and another stand was made, the bowling
being severely punished by T. Burgess, who made
some big hits and caused the 100 to go up amid loud
cheers. F. Johnson contributed 11, and T. Burgess
was top scorer for 40. The innings realised 143, the
highest score on the ground for a long time.
The home team commenced with Matthews and
Byrne. T. Burgess and J. Dale shared the bowling.
With the total at 3, Matthews jumped in front of the
stumps, and was hit with the ball from the fast
bowler, and was out, l b w. The next four batsmen
made the runs. Wood made 10, and then was well
bowled by T. Burgess, Byrne could get no one to
stay with him long. He played a good game, and
would have batted till now if the others had fol-
lowed his example. He played a not out game for
33. The innings realised 60. The score of 143 was
too large for them, and it was very evident that the
Church club wanted to make a draw.
On Whit-Wednesday we had as visitors Congleton
Forge Mills, who are a popular team at Bignall End.
They were not fully represented, Wild (captain) and
one or two others being absentees. There were a
good number of spectators present. The visitors won
the toss, and decided to bat, T. Cliff and W. Steward
going to the wickets to oppose the bowl-
ing of T. Burgess and J. Dale. With
the total at 4 Steward was caught by Rowley,
off Dale, for 3. The innings realised 48,
the top scorers being T. Cliff (13) and J. Lomax
(11). I am sorry to chronicle an accident that befel
the hon. sec. of the Forge Mills Club (T. Cliff), who
received a severe blow in the eye from a ball that got
up from the fast bowler. He was batting in splen-
did style, and had contributed 13 when he was hit.
He was led off the field, and had the injury attended
to, and left by home on the 4 20 train. We all sin-
cerely hope that he will soon recover from the effects,
and that he will soon again be found in the Forge
Mills team.
The home team were represented at the wickets
by W. Mayer and E. Mayer. A good start was
made, 16 being scored before E. Mayer was bowled
by Bradley. J. Dale joined W. Mayer, and a good
batting performance was witnessed. They punished
the bowling severely, and a separation was not
effected till the Forge Mills score had been passed
by 20 runs. The telegraph board read 68—2—21.
W. Mayer making the latter number in good style.
J. Dale played well for 33, T. Burgess for 20,
Sylvester for 13 (not out), and George Burgess for
12. The innings realised 114, and the home team
won their third Whitsuntide match by 66 runs.
In three matches played this Whitsuntide Bignall
End have totalled 368 runs, which is a splendid per-
formance. After partaking of refreshments at the
headquarters of the club, the Forge Mills team
treated us to a miscellaneous concert, which was
heartily enjoyed by all present. One of the team
was called upon to sing "After the ball," but he
quickly remarked "Enough of that; I have been
after it all the afternoon."

MACCLESFIELD.
I like Sandbach. There is a quaintness about its
figures and surroundings that lends a familiarity
which always makes a visit pleasant. Moreover its
ground and surroundings are eminently suited for
followers of our summer sport. Mr. Sam, Mr. Pea-
cock, or anyone else who has had the good fortune
to be placed at square leg from the top wicket will
readily bear me out. The amount of speed a fielder
can put into a sprint after a ball towards the Wheat
Sheaf is astonishing.
It was a sorrowful party which left Macclesfield,
home, and beauty, westward bound, on Saturday at
1 50, for Hoppy, the pride and flower of the team,
was minus. Ben was ditto, but the news of the
latter's absence having been broken to the team
early in the week the edge of the grief was blunted.
An air of indefinable and melancholy mystery hung
around, and on the way Nature, in a sympathetic
mood, wept with us for the loss of the missing ones.
Now if there is one pleasant sensation in all the
world it is that of riding in an open brake when it is
raining. It beats tobogganing into fits. The pre-
liminary canter on the part of J. Harrop was, how-
ever, soon over, for he was saving his strength for
the last burst.
The familiar figure of the genial W. L. L. strolling
up to the wicket, followed by Armistead, betokened
the loss of the toss by Macclesfield. Last year after
a pattern of an innings at [unclear]them had the bad
luck to be captured at 42. I therefore tied
me towards the ladder at square-leg,
and came back in half an hour fully
expecting our friend to be working at [unclear].
he was, but not in the fashion I had anticipated.
Twice in Trott's first over Latham landed him to
the boundary, but when Frost took up position the
look of determination round his mouth boded evil.
With his first ball he dismissed Armistead's middle
as clean as a whistle, with the score at 6. A few
balls followed the arrival of Fernand, and for a
little time both took matters calmly, and batted
cautiously. Tom was telegraphed and Trott
Trott set his field for a catch—and got it himself.
Fernand returning his ball right into Trott's hands.
In the next bowler came out for a duck, and at
the fall of the fourth wicket 25 runs only had been
scored. When Lawrence joined Latham the score
was given another lift, but had only advanced by 10
when Latham succumbed to Trott after a ma-
innings of 14.
The mental calculation one usually indulges in at
this period of an innings, four wickets down for 26,
eight for 40, and so forth, proved somewhat unre-
liable, for both Lawrence and Sheffield settled down
to business, and for a quarter of an hour runs came
steadily. Before a dissolution was effected another
15 had been telegraphed, but even this, with the 7
by Buxton, who followed, did not materially
affect the forecast. It fell to Marriott and
Hodgson to stem the tide of the difficulty, and
he did it right manfully. A single
off Trott was followed by a boundary, and then
after a few fours, just to see how the bowling would
stand, he landed a couple over the lodge in quick
succession. Hodgson also had a merry innings
whilst it lasted, and Peacock, who had been put on
for a change bowler, had four boundaries hit off him
in his first four overs. At 5 20 the century was
telegraphed, amidst hearty applause, and I began
to wonder what was wrong with the mental calcu-
lation before referred to. Heslop was the last batter
in, and had just managed two couples and a
boundary, when Compton captured a long drive of
Marriott's, and brought the innings to a close for
115, of which Marriott's total of 38 stood out an easy
first in the way of scoring.
One hundred and fifteen to last against. Think
of that ye cricketers, and admire in silent ecstasy
the courageous spirit of the team which went in
with a determination to top it, or die in the do-
ing. Had Mr. Sam been there, or even Hoppy as
a push, the task would have been thought an easy
one, but with the backbone of the team taken out,
courage began to ooze out at the finger ends.
Mr. Frank Shatwell (the Essex colt) joined John-
son at the wickets. Our colt only made one hit, but
it was a good one, and up went 3. Before any in-
crease had been made Shatwell's bail went up also,
and, unfortunately, Herlop was there and stuck to
it, and Frank came back looking daggers. It was
unfortunate, and, indeed, he seems to have been
having a run of bad luck lately.
Plans filled the vacancy, and our score began to
look healthy. Johnston gave us a qualm a time or
two, but while there was life there was hope, and he
settled down steadily after a warning or two.
Plant, however, did most of the work, and in about
fifteen minutes 20 was telegraphed. It was then
Plant's turn to do the pavilion march, and he entered
caught out by Dannatt for 14. Two wickets for 22.
After Sam and Hoppy, the hope lay in Wright,
and undoubtedly Peter has a style which always
takes no beating about the bush; but if there are
any runs hanging round Peter planks down his
money, and they are his. A nice cheerful trickle
had set in, not enough to stop play, but just enough
to make all not under cover uncomfortable. After
a little desultory play, Peter caused quite
a flutter by landing Lawrence for a boun-
dary. There was nothing startling in this, but
after another one had gone in the same direction,
Sandbach thought it advisable to try a change of
bowlers. They did so and put Heslop on. Heslop
has a peculiar style of bowling all round the wicket.
It is, however, effective, for with his first delivery
he spread-eagled Peter's stumps much to that
gentleman's disgust, and to the deficit of the spec-
tators. This made the third wicket for 44, as
against the third wicket for 18 for Sandbach. And
still it rained.
Trott went in with a smile, notwithstanding the
rain, and gently played Heslop for a boundary.
Johnson still stuck at it, and although rather slow,
kept running up the score. Trott, however, did
not come up to expectations, and after another
couple failed to get under one of Heslop's deliveries,
slipped it into Dannatt's hands, and retired.
Captain Shatwell joined Johnson at the wickets.
Still it rained, and 60 went up. An unfortunate
incident happened at this period Johnstone who
had been batting all the innings was tempted out of
his crease. He had been badly knocked about
during the afternoon and was too stiff to recover
himself in time. The result was that he lost his
bails and retired. Bothwell was next in but had
only increased the score by a couple when rain
stopped play with the score at 73 for four wickets.