BEDFORD PICK STRONG TEAM FOR VISIT
TO LEICESTER

The "Tigers" Hope that Prominent Men will
be Available

To-morrow the Bedford and Leicester
Clubs are due to open the Rugby season
with a game at Welford Road, Leicester,
a fixture that has been played for some
years. At the time of writing the international outlook is still unsettled, and
when these notes are read the shadows
may have darkened or the clouds lifted.
I hope, writes A. R., that the clouds
have gone and that the outlook is
bright. But, international situation or
no international situation, arrangements
are being made to fulfil football programmes and both Leicester and Bedford
have selected teams for their annual clash.

These teams must be governed by the
calls of national defence, but it is hoped that
both clubs will be well represented. Bedford, like their hosts of to-morrow, have
players who are members of the Territorials and defence units, but it is thought
that unless there is a more serious turn
in affairs their men will be able to turn
out. Leicester, on the other hand, have
three first-team men away from the city
on duty now, Barr, Edwards, and Bottrill,
and on Wednesday there was much doubt
whether Herbert and Anthony, two forwards, would be available. However,
optimistic Leicester have included these
players in the fifteen chosen to meet Bedford.

BEDFORD BETTER BALANCED

Let us presume that all is well and look
at the sides as though they are sure to
turn out as selected. Will Bedford win
at Leicester for the
fourth year in succession? I think that
they will, for their
fifteen is better balanced than the
"Tigers" team and
they will go on the
field with the knowledge of three victories to their credit
in the last three
years. Bedford will
be led by Gilbert
Cook and he will
have a very strong
combination to command. The team,
which no follower can
quarrel about, is as
follows: J. E. I. Grey;
T. D. Thevenard, J.

G. Rogers, E. H. Walshe, and V. J.
Lytle; M. E. Staples and R. Smyth; G. T.
Dancer, B. J. McMaster, G. A. Kelly, R.
Wilsher, A. E. Cook, J. G. Cook, H. J.
Irens, and O. V. Bevan.

Leicester have selected the following:
Barr; Cooke, Squibbs, Edwards, and
Pearce; Taylor and Gadney; Boldsworth,
Ridgeway, Herbert, Jerwood, Doe, Anthony Richards, and Berry. J. T. W.
Berry is again captain, and he will be
glad to have in the side once more Bernard Gadney, who has thrown in his lot
with Leicester after a short spell with
Headingley, who will be Bedford's visitors
next week. Gadney still holds a teaching
appointment at Leeds, however. Great
hopes are held of Pearce, a sturdy winger,
who, in the words of a Leicester colleague,
"needs a lot of holding". He is last year's
captain of the Uppingham fifteen. Our D.
L. K. Milman is another product of Uppingham. On the opposite wing will be
Cooke, a local boy, who played for Leicester a few times a couple of seasons ago.
He had to give up the game on account
of an injury to an arm. Otherwise, I
think that the names are well known to
Bedford supporters.

OPINION UNALTERED

Let us examine the prospects of the Bedford Club in the light of what was revealed at the practice game last Saturday
and let me give you one or two news
items. First of all the trial impressions.
Before the trial it was agreed that the
prospects of the Club were bright and,
with ordinary luck, another season of high

performance was in store. After seeing
the trial there is no reason to alter that
opinion, which is not one of the usual preseason optimistic sort based on hope
rather than on knowledge.
We all knew that the Club, with all last
year's men available, was in a happy
position regarding playing strength, and
Saturday's practice revealed that there is
an even greater wealth of talent than was
expected. Let us take the two key positions at half-back to begin with. How
many teams suffer through being poorly
served at the link between pack and
"threes"? A good many fifteens I'll
wager. Yet look at Bedford. Smyth,
Staples, Lovelace, and Kenney (last year's
Leeds University team skipper) are all
fitted to take their places at the base of
the scrum or at fly-half, where Coleman is
also available, not to mention players who
normally figure at threequarter who are
equally at home there.
Likewise at three-quarter and forward
the Club has no reason for anxiety with
so many promising youngsters ready to
challenge for places, and if Grey, at fullback, has the misfortune to get hurt or
has to be absent from the team for any
other reason, Coleman or Prigmore could
well deputize for him.
While, on the subject of backs, I hear
that it is possible Walshe may be joining
the Fleet Air Arm, and that being so his
appearances with the Bedford side may
be limited. He will be missed very much
if report is correct. And then there is
Jimmy Power, a regular back of last season. I believe it is the Club's intention
to convert him into a forward. He played
one game in the pack at the back end of
last season and shaped very well. However, his defence as a back was very
valuable last winter.
Jimmy and his brother George were unable to take part in Saturday's trial.
George is recovering from tonsilitis. Other
prominent players who missed the trial
included Gilbert Cook, the first fifteen
skipper, O. V. Bevan (vice-captain), V. J.
Lyttle, D. L. K. Milman, G. T. Dancer, A.
E. Joy (who will not be able to play at
Leicester), D. B. Coleman, C. G. Prigmore,
G. L. B. August, and K. V. Percy, and yet
the trial was eminently satisfactory. Not
because the above players were not there,
of course, but because there were so many
keen, capable young thoroughbreds on
view who kept the better-known players
at good stretch. Assistant-Secretary Timmins refereed, and the two sides were in
the charge of Rex Wilsher, as fit and
wholehearted as ever, and Ralph Spark,
the irrepressible, who gets as much fun
out of the game as any other two players.

A STRONG ARRAY

Wilsher had a strong array of tried
hands under his command including Grey,
Thevenard, Walshe, Rogers, Staples,
Smyth, Kelly, McMaster, T. Hall, Irens,
Black, Western—and there were some
lively clashes and strong running. We saw
some excellent pieces of work and some
first-class tries, Thevenard, by virtue of
his speed and indescribable wriggle of the
body, having a generous helping of points.
Rogers, Walshe, and Staples also crossed
the line and both Irens and Grey added
goal points with splendidly-judged kicks
from wide out.
All the old players showed that pace
and skill were retained and that little
needs remedying with the "bellows".
I don't propose to go into detail beyond
one or two observations on half-back play,
which was interesting in view of the competition for places. Smyth, fully recovered
from injury, and Staples quickly struck
a happy understanding and should be the
regular pair for the opening games of the
season. Smyth has no equal in the Club
for throwing such a long, accurate pass,
and he moves quicker (with a long, raking
stride) than is imagined. Staples was an
outstanding figure at the trial and played
with his head as well as his feet and

hands. In giving this praise I am not
detracting from the performances of Lovelace and Kenney. Lovelace was lively
and enterprising, although he did not get
so much of the ball as Smyth, and he will
need a lot of holding down. He is full of
good football. Kenney did not have an
extended run at scrum-half, but when in
that position he displayed likely form. His
passing and generalship were good, but
his transfers from the base of the scrum
had not the length of the Smyth passes,
which can be taken going forward; an
important point.
So now we must wait for Leicester—
some of you Headingley—before we see
the team have a real match test.
It should be noted that the away fixture with Northampton has been transferred from Saturday 18th November to
Thursday 5th October, as the Saturday
date clashed with the Leicestershire and
East Midlands match with the Australian
tourists at Leicester.

ACCIDENT TO TREVOR THOMAS

It will be with great regret that Rugby
supporters will hear that Trevor Thomas,
the Welsh forward
who gave such good
service to the Bedford Club for several
seasons, has had a
foot amputated.
Trevor, who lives at
Woburn Sands, had
one foot badly mutilated by machinery
at Marston Valley
Brickworks at Ridgmont while working
on Thursday of last
week. He was employed as a panfeeder. The machinery had to be stopped
and reversed to release him. He was
taken to the Bedford County Hospital,
where the foot was amputated.