THE CHRONICLE FRIDAY AUGUST 4 1939

CRICKET

BERKS v. DORSET

RAIN AGAIN INTERVENES

For the first time for some years, Berkshire this season had fixtures with Dorset, who were visitors to the Kensington Road ground at Reading on Wednesday and Thursday. The home county made two changes from the eleven which had played Hertfordshire earlier in the week, M. D. P. Magill, the well-known Army player and R. T. Dedman, a Newbury police sergeant, coming in for A. T. W. Taylor and M. Girling. Once more Stokes was unlucky with the toss, and Berkshire were put in the field. They soon met with success, however, and two wickets were down with only 17 on the board. The rate of scoring was enhanced when Tindall and Carnegie Brown came together, and they carried the score to 75 before the former skied a ball to Wolton at mid-on. One success followed another for Berkshire, for 16 runs later Brown was caught in the slips. Dorset's excellent rate of scoring may be judged from the fact that the hundred was sent up in an hour and a half, and at the lunch interval the score was 121 for five wickets.

Immediately after lunch Dedman brought about something of a collapse among the Dorset batsmen, the remaining wickets falling for the addition of only 21 runs. In fact, the innings was completed in a little over half-an-hour. The seventh and eighth wickets fell without a run being added, as did also the ninth and tenth. Dedman's final analysis ran out at four wickets for 27.

If Dorset had made an inauspicious start and finish, Berkshire were to do even worse. Few of the batsmen appeared to be comfortable, particularly against Badham, whose deliveries came off the pitch pretty quickly and often dropped up. With only one on the board, Berkshire lost their first wicket, and three of them were down for only 16 runs. Not until Crisfield and Cawston got together did runs come with any regularity. The latter got his 25 in eight hits, including a six. Magill rather foolishly threw his wicket away in tempting an almost impossible run. With the score at 74 for 7 at the tea interval, there were hopes of Berkshire at least getting somewhat near the Dorset score, but the remaining Berkshire wickets fell for two runs.

With a wicket down for no score, Berkshire's hopes of getting the Dorset men out cheaply in the second innings were very bright. But things were very soon altered, and by the close of play on Wednesday Dorset had 172 for four wickets.

Heavy rain which fell throughout Wednesday night and for the greater part of Thursday morning caused play to be abandoned, although the players remained at the ground until after the lunch interval in the hope of play being possible. Dorset, therefore, take points for a win on the first innings.

Details:—

DORSET—First Innings

E. C. J. Honey c Timewell b Reif 8
R. Thompson c Lewis b Reif 5
R. G. Tindall c Wolton b Magill 37
Dr. G. Carnegie-Brown c Reif b Magill 36
M. Taylor b Dedman 15
G. C. Tovey b Reif 10
Capt. R. D. Busk c Crisfield b Reif 7
N. E. Scratton not out 9
P. H. C. Badham b Dedman 0
R. W. L. Tremonger Watts c Reif b Dedman 3
A. M. Harrison b Dedman 0
Extras 12
Total 142

Bowling

O. M. R. W.
R. Reif 17 2 51 4
E. Cawston 7 1 25 0
M. D. P. Magill 8 2 27 2
R. T. Dedman 14.6 6 27 4

BERKS—First Innings

J. Timewell c Watts b Badham 0
H. L. Lewis c Taylor b Badham 4
D. W. Stokes lbw b Watts 11
C. R. Crisfield c Honey b Harrison 17
A. Wolton c Tindall b Badham 8
E. Cawston c Taylor b Harrison 25
P. G. Krabbé c Carnegie-Brown b Badham 4
M. Magill run out 3
R. Reif not out 1
R. T. Dedman c Watts b Badham 1
R. H. Bradley b Badham 0
Extras 2
Total 76

Bowling

O. M. R. W.
R. W. L. Tremonger Watts 7 3 15 1
P. H. C. Badham 10.2 4 30 6
A. M. Harrison 4 0 29 2

DORSET—Second Innings

E. J. C. Honey c Dedman b Cawston 0
N. E. Scratton b Magill 7
R. G. Tindall b Dedman 28
Dr. G. Carnegie-Brown not out 49
M. E. Taylor b Wolton 27
G. C. Tovey not out 52
Extras 9
Total (4 wkts) 172