WILTSHIRE TIMES: SATURDAY 31 AUGUST 1895-2.

SPORTS AND PASTIMES.
FOOTBALL.—Trowbridge and District Cup Com-
petition. A meeting will be held at Mr.
Shallum's Office, Church Street, on Monday
evening next, at seven o'clock, for the purpose of
receiving entries and arranging details for the
ensuing season's competition. Secretaries of all
junior clubs in the district invited to attend. [3839
Essex won five matches, lost seven, and drew four.
Carpenter 31·06 per innings, is the premier batsman
of the team, and Mead, 15·80, carries off the bowling
honours.
Messrs. N. F. Druce and W. Mortimer (old Marlburians) sailed from Southampton on Saturday, with the other members of Mr. F. Mitchell’s University team.
Lansdown beat the Ishmaelites on Tuesday by an innings and 19 runs. For the winners, English (103) and Poynton (71) played finely, and the bowling honours were divided between Miller and Scobell.
Out of the 18 matches on the Notts programme
three were won, ten lost, and five drawn. Shrews-
bury has a batting average of 48·46, and Gunn one of
33·38. Hardstaffe 15·35 and Attewell 16·07 have been
the best bowlers.
Derbyshire won five of their 16 matches, lost four, and drew seven. Bagshaw takes the batting honours with 30.47 per innings, Chatterton being next with 29.14. The two best bowlers are Davidson, 15.69, and Bennett, 16.03.
Corsley met Dilton Marsh, at Corsley, on Saturday,
the home side winning easily. Scores:—Corsley 63
(H. Moody 19, S. Minty 15); Dilton Marsh 29 (E.
Jones 12). For Corsley, H. Ball took five wickets for
10 runs.
C. L. Townsend, the famous young Gloucestershire bowler, told an interviewer the other day that he found his break came naturally, simply by copying so far as he could the action of bowlers in the best matches.
At no time did it appear likely that any definite result would be arrived at in the Notts and Kent match, so well did the batsmen play on either side. In the course of three short days’ play eighteen wickets realised an aggregate of 629 runs.
At Taunton, on Wednesday, Tyler, the Somerset bowler, accomplished the hat trick, and quite turned the game against Yorkshire in favour of his side. The batsmen to suffer were Brown, Denton, and Tunnicliffe, and at the time of the occurrence Yorkshire had hit off nearly half the runs they required for the loss of two batsmen.
Lancashire defeated Middlesex on Tuesday, at
Lords, by an innings and 100 runs. The Metropolitan
County has fallen away greatly in batting strength.
Their efforts against the Northern county were repre-
sented by 83 runs in the first innings and 77 in the
second. For the winners, A. C. Maclaren played a
fine innings of 109.
Yorkshire have played 26 matches, of which 14
were won, seven lost, and five drawn. Moorhouse
heads the batting average with 35·69, F. S. Jackson
being next with 37·46. F. W. Milligan has the best
bowling figures, with 14·50, though the brunt of the
work has been done by Peel, whose 136 wickets have
been obtained for an average of 14·80 runs each.
In a recent match at Leighton a question was raised as to the validity of the deliveries sent down by Eldridge. One gentleman asserted that the professional's action constitutes a throw, but this opinion did not find much support. If Eldridge was guilty of throwing, something would surely have been said about the matter at Lords, where he has bowled in six or seven matches.
Although set the tremendous task of getting 293 to
win, Yorkshire played up in grand style against
Somerset on Wednesday, Tunnicliffe and Wainwright
making a brilliant effort to win the match. Each
scored 82 runs, but they received little support and
suffered defeat, after an exciting finish, by 29 runs.
L. C. H. Palairet, who overnight had obtained 148,
increased these figures to 165, the Somerset total
realising 353.
Five first-class cricket matches were concluded on
Saturday. At Taunton, Somerset gained a brilliant
victory over Surrey, who, however, still head the list
in the competition for the championship with eleven
points. Yorkshire, who held the second place last
week, were beaten by Gloucestershire, while Lanca-
shire, who came third, scored a win over Notts, the
result being that Yorkshire and Lancashire now
had eight points each, though the latter county had
played fewer matches. In the other results on Satur-
day, Sussex beat Kent, and Hampshire won their
game with Leicestershire.
Some doubt is expressed whether the Wiltshire
Cricket League has answered the purpose intended,
and it is said that a little more enthusiasm will have
to be manifested by the various cricket clubs if the
competition is to be continued another season. It
will be a pity if the League is allowed to die from sheer
inanition. There are sufficient cricket clubs in Wilt-
shire to make it the success which is asked for.
Perhaps something might be done in the way of
establishing a second division of the League. There
is plenty of talent amongst junior clubs which only
needs developing.
Although represented by a weak eleven, Swindon
G.W.R. were successful in defeating Oxford Cowley
on Saturday by a substantial margin. Nine of the
Oxford wickets fell for 32 runs, but the last two bats-
men made a good stand, 30 runs being put on before
they were parted. Bown took five wickets for 21 runs,
and Overton five for 24. Swindon started badly, four
wickets being down for 19 runs. Kinneir improved
matters, but the eighth wicket fell when the total
stood at 59. When Currant joined Major the winning
hit was soon made, and afterwards both batsmen
played freely, Bown also rendering useful aid.
No bowler in England, we should say, has been
more ruthlessly punished this year than has Tyler,
the slow left-hander of Somersetshire. For reference
apply to A. C. MacLaren and company. Remembering
this one would scarcely have looked to Tyler
accomplishing the rare feat of capturing all the ten
wickets in an important match and, what's more,
those wickets Surrey's. He took eight on the Thursday
and the remaining two the next morning, and so
delighted were the good people who foregathered at
Taunton that they subscribed the handsome sum of £35
for the lucky bowler. He is fortunate, for the crowd
collected £40 for him when he took nine Notts wickets
three years ago.
When future historians are writing of big hitters
they will most assuredly have to include the name of
G. L. Jessop. In recent years nearly all the big
smiting has been done by Australians—Massie,
Bonnor, M'Donnell, and Jack Lyons—but we hardly
think that any of these ever equalled the wonderful
feat of Jessop against Yorkshire last week. When he
went to the wickets Yorkshire were having the best of
the game with Gloucestershire, but he altered this
almost in the twinkling of an eye, knocking up 63 in
35 minutes. We should say the Yorkshire bowling
never received such severe treatment before, and
Messieurs Peel, Hirst, and Smith are not likely to
forget it for a day or two.
Warminster, for the second time this year, made a
very poor show against Westbury on Saturday, losing
the game by 79 runs and six wickets. Westbury
first took the bat, and quickly compiled 223 for the
loss of four wickets, F. W. Laverton, Shorland, and
Atfield each playing a brilliant and profitable game.
Warminster were then sent to the wickets, but the
only one to make any stand against the bowling was
Coates, who once more proved, by some vigorous
batting, to be the back bone of the team. The
innings resulted in a total of 144, leaving Westbury
the winners as above described. Warminster were
rather unfortunate in losing one of their men through
an accident, as the ninth wicket went down just before
the call of time, so that if another man had been
ready the game might have been made a draw.
The Leighton season came to a conclusion on
Tuesday, with the match between Mr. Harris' eleven
and Leighton. The visitors defended the wickets
first, and compiled the respectable score of 258, to
which Stephens (missed when he had made 50) was
the highest contributor with 114, Radcliffe (let off
before he got into double figures) and Miller following
with 59 and 47 respectively. The home team started
poorly, five wickets falling for 65 runs, but the
remaining batsmen raised the total to 279, which
included a well made 64 from A. G. Stancomb, 59 from
Newman, and 53 from F. W. Stancomb. In the second
innings of Leighton, seven wickets went down for 123
runs, when time put a stop to the game, which thus
ended in a draw, slightly in favour of Leighton.
Wednesday's results do not materially alter the
positions of the counties, Somerset, by their hard-
earned victory over Yorkshire being the side to go up
a point. Surrey just failed to defeat Gloucestershire,
and the other engagements at Derby and Nottingham
ended in drawn games. Yorkshire, Notts, Derby-
shire and Essex have now concluded their
engagements. The positions up to date are:—
Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. Pts.
Surrey ... ... ... 24   15    4    5   11
Lancashire ... ... 20   13    4    3    9
Yorkshire ... ... 26 14 7 5 7
Gloucestershire ... 17 8 5 4 3
Derbyshire ... ... 16 5 4 7 1
Warwickshire ... ... 16 5 5 6 0
Middlesex ... ... 17 5 6 6 -1
Hampshire ... ... 15 6 8 1 -2
Essex ... ... ... 16 5 7 4 -2
Somerset ... ... 16 6 8 2 -2
Sussex ... ... ... 17 5 8 4 -3
Leicestershire ... ... 15 3 9 3 -6
Kent ... ... ... 17 3 10 4 -7
Notts ... ... ... 16 3 10 3 -7
Losses are deducted from wins, and drawn games ignored.
The final match to decide the championship of the Wiltshire League was played on the County Ground, at Trowbridge, on Saturday, Corsham, winners of the Southern Division, and Swindon, who hold a similar position in the Northern Division, meeting to decide the question of supremacy. Two strong elevens were placed in the field, perhaps the most prominent absentee being Andrews, who did not assist the Swindonians. Batting first on an excellent wicket, prepared by Jeynes, Corsham ran up the tall score of 194 for seven wickets, when the innings was declared closed. S. P. Kinneir, who has recently been displaying high class form, placed 75 runs to his credit, and was not out at the close. A. C. Kinneir also played well for 40, and serviceable contributions were made by C. J. Mayo (25), C. F. Spackman (23, not out), and H. Harris (13). Seven of the Swindon players had a turn with the ball, Warner, who took two wickets for 26 runs, came out with the best figures. Hayward obtained three for 41 runs, Wainwright's one cost 27, and Dibsdall's solitary success was secured for 35 runs. Murch had 24 runs hit from his bowling, Preston 17, and Williams 12. Swindon made a fair start the first wicket not falling until 19 runs had been registered. The next two then dropped for the addition of one run, and other batsmen making a weak display it was soon evident that victory would go to Corsham. Warner (31) and Williams (11) were the only two batsmen to run into double figures. Bannister's wicket was obtained for 15 runs. Murch took six for 47, and Hayward three for 31. Smith sent down one over, which was a maiden, for no wicket.
Bradford wind up the season with a match against Beckington, to-day, on the Beckington ground.
The Avon Vale took a somewhat weak team to Bradford on Saturday, and paid the penalty. Going in first the home team ran up the good score of 104 for five wickets, Uncles, Holbrook, Clarkson, and Reynolds all scoring freely, the bowling of the visitors being very weak. Avon Vale were disposed of for 40. With the exception of Adair who played a good defensive game no one showed to advantage. The home team allowed themselves only an hour to dispose of the visitors and succeeded in pulling the game off within five minutes of time. The visitors arrived an hour late.
The following will play for Trowbridge against Westbury, at Trowbridge, to-day:—F. W. Stancomb, A. G. Stancomb, J. Beaven, R. Blake, J. F. Jeynes, C. E. Parry, T. S. Hill, M. F. Clark, T. Wheeler, H. T. Wise, and Eldridge.
WARMINSTER POLICE v. TROWBRIDGE POLICE.—An interesting match was played at Warminster on Thursday, when the police of the Trowbridge Division played their comrades of the Warminster Division. Result:—
WARMINSTER POLICE.
P.C. Dear, b Chandler... ... 0 b Hadrell ... ... 10
P.C. Minty, b Hadrell ... ... 12 run out ... ... 1
Supt. Robinson, b Hadrell ... 3 b Hadrell ... ... 2
P.C. Buchanan, b Chandler... 0 not out ... ... 78
P.C. Carpenter, c & b Hadrell 9 b Hadrell ... ... 0
P.C. Stow, run out ... ... 7 not out ... ... 7
P.C. Thompson, b Chandler ... 0 c Tuckwell, b Hadrell 3
P.C. Smith, b Hadrell ... ... 0 not out ... ... 9
P.C. Breach, b Hadrell ... ... 3 c Hadrell ... ... 5
Sergt. Hurdle, not out ... ... 2 b Hadrell ... ... 0
Extra ... ... ... ... 1 Extras ... ... 5
Total... ... ... 37 Total ... ... 120

TROWBRIDGE POLICE.
P.C. Hadrell, run out ... ... 1 b Buchanan... ... 3
P.C. Tuckwell, b Robinson ... 2 not out ... ... 3
P.C. Chandler, b Buchanan... 0 b Robinson ... ... 2
P.C. James, b Buchanan ... 18 b Robinson ... ... 4
P.C. Grant, b Robinson ... ... 1 b Robinson ... ... 1
P.C. Alsop, b Buchanan... ... 2 b Robinson ... ... 3
P.C. Butler, c & b Buchanan... 0 run out ... ... 0
P.C. Pothicary, b Robinson... 2 c Stow, b Robinson 0
P.C. Jones, b Robinson ... ... 0 b Stow ... ... 0
P.C. Pinchin, not out ... ... 1 c and b Stow ... 0
Extras ... ... ... 1 Extras ... ... 1
Total ... ... ... 28 Total ... ... 17

GREAT SOMERFORD v. BRINKWORTH.—Played at Brinkworth on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for the visitors by 48 runs. Score: Brinkworth—F. Chequer, b C. Parsons, 1; J. Webb, b Kane, 1; F. Reed, st. A. Law, b Parsons, 8; J. Matthews, b C. Parsons, 0; A. Walker, b Parsons, 1; R. Collett, c Stokes, b Parsons, 3; J. Vizard, b Kane, 0; W. Humphries, b Parsons, 0; J. Sutton, b Kane, 3; H. Clifford, b Parsons, 0; J. Porter, not out, 6; extras, 7; total, 30. Somerford—W. Stokes, b Collett, 24; C. Parsons, b Webb, 1; H. Curtis, b Webb, 3; C. Pearce, c Matthews, b Collett, 4; A. Law, b Collett, 0; G. Kane, b Collett, 18; C. Pickford, b Chequer, 1; H. Sealy, c and b Chequer, 7; A. Porter, b Chequer, 0; W. Barton, c Vizard, b Chequer, 3; H. Prayling, not out, 0; extras, 17; total, 78.
Rodwell Rovers met Steeple Ashton at Trowbridge on Saturday, the result being—Rodwell Rovers, 87 (W. Hurn 19, M. Clark 16, W. Whatley 16, A. Butcher 10, not out). Steeple Ashton, 70 (Rev. W. White 17, A. Bull 15, not out).