HYTHE AND SANDGATE ADVERTISER: SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895 - 3.

In the evoning thoro was a smoking con-
cert, at which Alderman H. T. Cobay pre-
sided, suppoted by the Mayor (J. Scott,
Esq ), Mr. G. L. Mackeson, and others, Mr.
C. J. Kortright, the lightning bowler, was
also amongst those present. A first class pro-
gramme had been arranged, and the vocalis-
tic abilities of the gentlemen who con-
tributed such excellent selections from their
ropertoires were beyond question. Mr. James
Kift's pianoforte solos were performed in a
masterly and accomplished manner, and Mr.
Arthur Strugnell gave a magnidcent render-
ing in each instance of "The Bedouin Love
Song" and "The Old Soldier." The coster
song, immortalised by the genius of Albert
Chovalier, is always an attractive item upon
any programmo, and "The Cockney Gar-
don," which was sung by Mr. Arthur
Melrose, proved no exception to the general
rule. An encore was demanded and complied
with. This gentleman possesses an un-
equalled capacity for whistling, and his
subsequent contribution was entitled "My
Whistling Pub." Mr. Herbert Emlyn sang
"Oh, how I lovo thee," and "The Sailor's
Grave" in a refined and artistic style, and
Mr. E. J. Wood appealed to the humorous
instincts of his audience by his rendering of
"Then we had another one" and "Truly
rural." A duet, entitled "The moon hath
raised," constituted the choicest morceau of
the evening, and full justice was done to
the beauty of the music by Messrs. Her-
bert Emlyn and Arthur Strugnell. The
principal foaturo of the entertainment was
a remarkably good ventriloquial sketch by
Mr. Frederick Russel, whose capabilities as
a ventriloquist are well known. The enter-
tainment was a thorough success, and the
Committee dosorve every credit for the ex-
cellence of their arrangements. Refresh-
ments were provided by Mr. Amos.

Wednesday was the principal day of the
whole week, and the glorious weather which
prevailed attracted thousands of visitors to
the town. Practically spoaking. Wednesday
at Hythe occupies the same position as
"Ladies Day" does at Canterbury, and in
consequence, the inhabitants observe it by
proclaiming it a general holiday, and by
making additional decorations to signalise the
auspicious ovent. Nearly two thousand
assembled on the Cricket Field to witness the
match between the Hythe C.O., and the
60th Rifles C.C., who were playing instead of
the Green Jackets. The alteration in the
name of the team was a distinction without
a difference, as the Green Jackets comprise
tho whole of the Rifle Brigade, whilst the
team Hythe encountered on Wednesday was
only representatives of the 3rd and 4th
Battalious. Mr. C. J. Kortright the Essex
"domon" assisted his old team in the
bowling department, and also performed
remarkably well with the bat, heading the
Hythe score with a carefully compiled 35.
The Riflos batted first, but the offoctive
trundling of Messrs. Kortright and Fox
ensured their dismissal for a total of 123.
Hythe following, managed to make a better
display, and the assistance rendered by Mr.
C. J. Kortright (35), Mr. J. Ba'es not out
(30), and Mr. H. S. Wilks (25), enabled them
to obtain a lead of 44 runs, by which majority
they secured the victory, the second venture
of the Rifles realising 56 runs for five wickets.
Appended is the score:—

60TH RIFLES.
                    1st innings.                    2nd innings.
Prince Christian Victor, b
  Fox .............. 19   l b w, b Kort-
                                  wright ...... 9
G V Hordern, l b w, b Fox 51   b Castle ...... 27
D B Blundell, b Kort-
right ................ 8 c Bates, b
                                  Heath ...... 8
Major Clowes, b Kortright 7    not out ...... 0
Captain Bowen, b Fox .. 9
Captain Dewar, c Bates,
  b Fox ............ 0
Captain Oxley (captain),
  Kortright ........ 4

A J Lainson, c Bates, b
Kortright ............ 18 c Bates, b
                                  Heath ...... 0
Sergeant McQue, b Kort-
  right .............. 0
Captain Jervis, c Bates, b
  Fox .............. 4
L F Phillips, not out .... 0 b Heath .... 8
                       Extras ........ 8   Extras .... 4

Total .............. 123   Total 5 wkts 56
HYTHE C.C.
A C Edwards, b McQue .......... 1
H B Fox, c Oxley, b McQue ...... 5
C J Kortright, c Oxley, b McQue.... 35
S Castle, b McQue .............. 6
B Fairfax, b McQue .............. 11
Heath, c Clowes, b Oxley ....... 12
H S Wilks (captain), c Jervis, b
  Clowes ........................ 25
G Roddis, c Blundell, b Oxley .... 2
Surgeon-Major Peterkin, c and b
  McQue ........................ 3
J Bates, not out ................ 30
E V Machin, c Oxley, b Lainson .... 13
           Extras ................ 24

Total .................... 167

From the drawing of stumps till darkness
closed in, a continuous stream of pooplo
poured into the town from all directions to
witnoss the Venetian foto, the procossion of
boats, and the illuminations. High Stroot
mado a bravo show and overy shop of
importanco had garnishod its oxtorior with
flags, flowers, plants, and fairy lights. Mr.
Shilston, Mr. B. H. Brico, Mr. Dan West,
Mr. Burgess, Mr. R. Price, Mr. E. A. Paino,
Mr. Elliott, of the Swan Hotol, Mossrs.
Cobay Bros., Mr. Manning and othors had
commomoratod the occasion by docoration
and il'uminations, each of a distinctivo
character, according to the tastes of tho
individuals concorned. A visit to the canal
banks brought the spectators tc the scono of
the illuminations It is impossiblo to
adoquatoly convoy any idea of the offoct
producod by the gorgoous appoaranco of tho
canal banks, the bridgos and the Ladios'
Walk Bridgo to Twiss Bridgo glowod with
myriads of fairy lamps of ovory concoivablo
colour, intorsporsod horo and thoro with
Japaneso lantorns. The Ladios' Walk
Bridgo was ono dazzling mass of brilliant
lights, that shono from thousands of
colourod fairy lamps, which had boon
olaboratoly and tastofully arrangod in au
a tistic mannor, the dosign prosouting tho
appoaranco of fountains of firo. Tho Ladi s'
Walk, which louds itsolf so roadily to
illuminativo purposos, soomod liko a fairy
avonuo. The grass on oithor sido was
sprinklod thickly with fairy lamps, whilst
ovorhoad ran a zigzag lino of Japaneso
lantorns, the combination of the two mothods
of illumination making up of a scono which
ovon the oriontal splondour of the Arabian
nights would fail to oqual. A too froquont
uso of Japaneso lantorns is apt to produco
a sur eit of light, but fortunately
in the prosont instanco the blonding
of the more subduod light of the fairy lamps
obviatod the difficulty. The lawn and gar-
dons of Paddock Houso woro vory tastofully
illuminatod with colourod lamps, and tho
Mayor's rosidonco was similarly conspicuous
for choiconoss of dosign. Tho procossion of
illuminatod boats arousod a groat doal of
intorest. First camo "H.M.S. Seabrook"
which was an exact roprosontation of Nolson's
old flagship, the Victory. This was mannod
by the omployos of Mr. Joal, of Seabrook.
Mr. Joal was on the quartor dock in tho
uniform of an admiral. Tho Mayor's boat
consistod of an olaborato roprosontation of a
Venetian gondola with the occupants in cos-
tume. Mossrs. Mackoson's boat might
appropriatoly bo tormod "The Gipsy Quoon"
as it roprosontod a littlo woodland with a
tont, around which sat tho mombors of tho
gipsy tribo with the usual paraphornalia of
thoir calling, not omitting the clay pipos.
Tho Mayor's omployos had a vory prottily
docoratod boat, and anothor boat containod
sovoral black facod individuals iu thoir
slooping costumos. Thoro woro sovoral
smallor crafts moro or loss illuminatod, but
tho abovo woro tho principal onos and at-
tracted the most attontion. Tho immonso
concourso of pooplo that throngod the Ladios'
Walk bridgo causod a portion of it to givo
way towards the closo of the ovoning, but tho
polico promptly closod it at both onds, and
nothing of a sorious naturo rosultod.
Play was rosumod on Thursday, whon
Hytho mot tho School of Musketry. Tho
lattor won by 58 runs, with throo wickots in
hand.