THE BUCKS FREE PRESS, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1939.

BUCKS DEFEAT BERKSHIRE IN EXCITING CLIMAX
Struggle For Runs In Minor Counties Game At Wycombe
CONFIDENT BATTING BY BAKER

AFTER a great game and in an exciting climax, Buckinghamshire defeated Berkshire at High Wycombe on Friday and Saturday by five wickets.
Berks won the toss and went in to bat on a very soft and lifeless pitch. The opening pair, Lewis and Timewell, appeared confident from the start, as the bowlers could get no sort of help from the wicket, and runs came regularly, if slowly.
At 29, Timewell was run out—a shock for Berks, as he had shown very good form.
Rutter, who replaced Battcock at 39 bowled a fine length, and off his second ball, Stokes was nearly caught, Isherwood just failing to hold a high ball in the slips. Stokes and Hubble looked like settling down, but eventually Stokes, after hitting Rutter for 4, was bowled next ball—four for 61.
Try as they would the batsmen could not get the ball away, and with the exception of Hubble, who played a splendid innings under the circumstances, no one stayed very long. Nothing was given away in the field, both the ground fielding and the catching being of the highest order.
Just after 4 o'clock, the whole side were out for what appeared to be a very meagre total.

Bucks Begin Badly

Bucks started with Baker and Franklin, and it was soon evident that the runs would have to be fought for. Relf, in particular, bowled with great skill and at 13 Franklin, trying to turn the ball to leg, mistimed and was caught at mid-off.
Baker and Ratcliffe, in the best partnership of the match, carried the score from 13 to 68 before Baker, who had defended well, was out lbw to Dedman.
Walker and Isherwood defended well for a time, but O'Callaghan gave no trouble and when seven wickets were down for 89 it looked as if Berks would obtain a lead.
Battcock, however, hit out courageously and was able to score enough runs to give his side the lead. He was eventually caught by Relf off Dedman, after making a very useful 21. After this the innings soon closed with Bucks holding a small lead of 13 runs.
About half-an-hour was left and Berks entered upon their second innings at about 6.30 and in the first over Lund had Lewis splendidly caught at forward short leg. No other wicket fell, and play ceased for the day with the Berks total at 11 runs for one wicket.

Saturday's Play

Resuming next morning, Stokes, who accompanied Timewell to the wicket, was lbw to Battcock before scoring, while at the same total Timewell was caught by Baker off Lund, and the game looked as good as over. Crisfield and Hubble, however, by good forceful batting kept together while the largest partnership of the innings was made. Both batsmen scored on every possible occasion, until the former was beaten by a good ball from Battcock.
When Edwards was tried at 77, he obtained a wicket in his first over. Relf hit a ball high to the long field, where Baker, slightly misjudging the flight, brought off a spectacular catch by throwing out his left hand. Hubble's innings ending when he was snapped up at the wicket, and the second innings closed for 103, leaving Bucks 91 runs to get to win.

Struggle For Runs

From the commencement it was seen that even this small total would not be very easy to get. Franklin's wicket fell with only two runs scored. With Baker and Ratcliffe again associated, runs came slowly, mainly by singles as the Berks fielding was very keen and the bowling of Relf and Dedman quite good. After adding 27 runs Ratcliffe was out lbw and Peters joined Baker, but only six runs had been added when the latter was bowled in trying to hook Dedman.
After lunch, players and spectators were keyed up to a high state of tension, every ball being followed with keenest interest. Walker remained to score six, when he was out lbw. Battcock played cautiously and helped Peters to increase the score to 74 when the latter was caught behind the wicket. Still 17 to make and five men out. The fielders strained every nerve to prevent the batsmen scoring, but Isherwood and Battcock withstood the attack manfully, and while the latter was twice missed he had the satisfaction of making the winning hit with a four off Dedman. Scores:

BERKS
H. L. Lewis lbw b Lund 14, J. Timewell run out 18, D. W. Stokes b Rutter 21, C. R. Crisfield b Lund 2, H. G. Hubble b Battcock 28, G. Sayles b Rutter 0, R. R. Relf c Walker b Rutter 3, J. Caudle c Isherwood b Rutter 0, R. T. Dedman c Battcock b Rutter 9, R. H. Tomlin c O'Callaghan b Battcock 4, R. Brown not out 0; extras 1; total 100.
Second Innings
H. L. Lewis c Baker b Lund 6, J. Timewell c Baker b Lund 6, D. W. Stokes lbw b Battcock 0, C. R. Crisfield b Battcock 19, H. G. Hubble c Franklin b Battcock 37, G. Sayles b Battcock 4, R. R. Relf c Baker b Edwards 2, J. Caudle b Battcock 9, R. T. Dedman not out 5, R. H. Tomlin c Peters b Edwards 0, R. Brown st Franklin b Edwards 9; extras 6; total 103.
Bowling—Bucks: Battcock 2 for 27, Lund 2 for 38, Rutter 5 for 17. Second innings: Battcock 5 for 39, Lund 2 for 39, Edwards 3 for 12.

BUCKS
L. G. Baker lbw b Dedman 27, W. B. Franklin c Hubble b Relf 8, A. Ratcliffe c Crisfield b Relf 29, S. S. Peters st Stokes b Relf 4, G. S. Walker c Brown b Relf 8, P. Isherwood b Relf 6, R. F. B. O'Callaghan lbw b Relf 0, O. G. Battcock c Relf b Dedman 21, R. H. Rutter b Dedman 3, V. Lund lbw b Relf 1, F. Edwards not out 0; extras 6; total 113.
Second Innings
L. G. Baker b Dedman 13, W. B. Franklin b Relf 2, A. Ratcliffe lbw b Dedman 12, S. S. Peters c Stokes b Relf 20, G. S. Walker lbw b Dedman 6, P. Isherwood not out 5, O. G. Battcock not out 22; extras 12; total (5 wkts) 92.
Bowling—Berks: Relf 7 for 46, Dedman 3 for 29. Second innings: Relf 2 for 35, Dedman 3 for 38.

SPORTS GOSSIP

As It Should Be

Appropriately enough, Buckinghamshire's first cricket match of the season at High Wycombe produced the most exciting encounter of the year so far.
London Road spectators had plenty to keep them entertained throughout, and the climax on Saturday certainly offered cricket at its best.
Berkshire, always dour opponents, made a grim fight of it, and Buckinghamshire only just managed to register their second win of the season, and a splendid "double" over their close rivals and neighbours.

Brilliant Fielding

Smart fielding and accurate bowling were the principal features of the game, and batsmen had to struggle dourly for runs.
Buckinghamshire's fielding a season or two ago was frequently criticised. This season it's first-rate.
One catch, by O'Callaghan, roused the crowd to feverish excitement. O'Callaghan ran 30 yards from deep long-off, after a hearty drive by Tomlin, and sprinted in great style to reach the ball just in time.

Chesham Disappointment

Chesham's cricket week, like many another in this disappointing summer, was spoiled by rain.
Two of the matches were cancelled altogether owing to rain. One was started and abandoned.
Of the three played, Chesham won two and lost one. They lost on Wednesday to a strong Royal Air Force side from Uxbridge, but improved in form during the week-end to defeat a Chesham team of footballers on Friday, and their old rivals, Amersham, on Saturday.

Beaconsfield In Form

Beaconsfield followers of the game had one of their most interesting matches for many years on Sunday.
Capt. J. W. A. Stephenson, the Essex all-rounder, who formerly played for Beaconsfield and for Buckinghamshire, brought over a team whose constellation of stars—including G. O. Allen, D. R. Wilcox, R. W. V. Robins and S. R. Brown—was calculated to instil an inferiority complex into the home side.
But Beaconsfield, so far from being abashed by the formidable opposition, put up one of their best displays for years, C. G. Boddy defying the varied wiles of the visitors' attack until with only a few runs of his century.
A record crowd saw a neat game, and Windsor Hospital will benefit by £25 taken on the ground.

Brazil's After Honours

Brazil's, go-ahead Chesham side, who are dominating affairs in the Chesham League this week, caught A. E. Mason's roving, speculative eye the other week.
Their victory over Coleshill, their nearest rivals, in an interesting "needle" match, places them well in line for the League championship. Before the match they were leading Coleshill by a single point.
Brazil's ground is at Alltricks Farm, Little Kingshill, the home of Mr. Brazil, who takes a keen interest in the team's progress and watches all their games.