HYTHE AND SANDGATE ADVERTISER: SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895-3.
In the evening there was a smoking concert, at which Alderman H. T. Cobay presided, supported by the Mayor (J. Scott, Esq.), Mr. G. L. Mackeson, and others. Mr. C. J. Kortright, the lightning bowler, was also amongst those present. A first class programme had been arranged, and the vocalistic abilities of the gentlemen who contributed such excellent selections from their repertoires were beyond question. Mr. James Kift's pianoforte solos were performed in a masterly and accomplished manner, and Mr. Arthur Strugnell gave a magnificent rendering in each instance of "The Bedouin Love Song" and "The Old Soldier." The coster song, immortalised by the genius of Albert Chevalier, is always an attractive item upon any programme, and "The Cockney Garden," which was sung by Mr. Arthur Melrose, proved no exception to the general rule. An encore was demanded and complied with. This gentleman possesses an unequalled capacity for whistling, and his subsequent contribution was entitled "My Whistling Pub." Mr. Herbert Emlyn sang "Oh, how I love thee," and "The Sailor's Grave" in a refined and artistic style, and Mr. E. J. Wood appealed to the humorous instincts of his audience by his rendering of "Then we had another one" and "Truly rural." A duet, entitled "The moon hath raised," constituted the choicest morceau of the evening, and full justice was done to the beauty of the music by Messrs. Herbert Emlyn and Arthur Strugnell. The principal feature of the entertainment was a remarkably good ventriloquial sketch by Mr. Frederick Russel, whose capabilities as a ventriloquist are well known. The entertainment was a thorough success, and the Committee deserve every credit for the excellence of their arrangements. Refreshments were provided by Mr. Amos.
Wednesday was the principal day of the whole week, and the glorious weather which prevailed attracted thousands of visitors to the town. Practically speaking, Wednesday at Hythe occupies the same position as "Ladies Day" does at Canterbury, and in consequence, the inhabitants observe it by proclaiming it a general holiday, and by making additional decorations to signalise the auspicious event. Nearly two thousand assembled on the Cricket Field to witness the match between the Hythe C.C., and the 60th Rifles C.C., who were playing instead of the Green Jackets. The alteration in the name of the team was a distinction without a difference, as the Green Jackets comprise the whole of the Rifle Brigade, whilst the team Hythe encountered on Wednesday was only representatives of the 3rd and 4th Battalions. Mr. C. J. Kortright the Essex "demon" assisted his old team in the bowling department, and also performed remarkably well with the bat, heading the Hythe score with a carefully compiled 35. The Rifles batted first, but the effective trundling of Messrs. Kortright and Fox ensured their dismissal for a total of 129. Hythe following, managed to make a better display, and the assistance rendered by Mr. C. J. Kortright (35), Mr. J. Bates not out (30), and Mr. H. S. Wilks (25), enabled them to obtain a lead of 44 runs, by which majority they secured the victory, the second venture of the Rifles realising 56 runs for five wickets. Appended is the score:—
60th RIFLES.
1st innings.            2nd innings.
Prince Christian Victor, b
Fox .................... 19   1 b w, b Kort-
                              wright ....... 9
G V Hordern, l b w, b Fox 51   b Castle...... 27
D B Blundell, b Kort-
right ................... 8   c Bates, b
                              Heath ........ 8
Major Clowes, b Kortright 7   not out ...... 0
Captain Bowen, b Fox .. 9
Captain Dewar, c Bates,
b Fox ................... 0
Captain Oxley (captain),
Kortright ............... 4
A J Lainsen, c Bates, b
Kortright .............. 18   c Bates, b
                              Heath ........ 0
Sergeant McQue, b Kort-
right ................... 0
Captain Jervis, c Bates, b
Fox ..................... 4
L F Phillips, not out .... 0   b Heath ...... 8
Extras .................. 8   Extras ...... 4
Total ................. 123   Total 5 wkts 56
HYTHE C.C.
A C Edwards, b McQue ............ 1
H B Fox, c Oxley, b McQue ....... 5
C J Kortright, c Oxley, b McQue.... 35
S Castle, b McQue ............... 6
B Fairfax, b McQue .............. 11
Heath, c Clowes, b Oxley ......... 12
H S Wilks (captain), c Jervis, b
Clowes........................... 25
G Roddis, c Blundell, b Oxley ..... 2
Surgeon-Major Peterkin, c and b
McQue............................ 3
J Bates, not out.................. 30
E V Machin, c Oxley, b Lainson .... 13
Extras........................... 24
Total ........................... 107
From the drawing of stumps till darkness closed in, a continuous stream of people poured into the town from all directions to witness the Venetian fete, the procession of boats, and the illuminations. High Street made a brave show and every shop of importance had garnished its exterior with flags, flowers, plants, and fairy lights. Mr. Shilston, Mr. B. H. Brice, Mr. Dan West, Mr. Burgess, Mr. R. Price, Mr. E. A. Paine, Mr. Elliott, of the Swan Hotel, Messrs. Cobay Bros., Mr. Manning and others had commemorated the occasion by decoration and illuminations, each of a distinctive character, according to the tastes of the individuals concerned. A visit to the canal banks brought the spectators to the scene of the illuminations. It is impossible to adequately convey any idea of the effect produced by the gorgeous appearance of the canal banks, the bridges and the Ladies' Walk Bridge to Twiss Bridge glowed with myriads of fairy lamps of every conceivable colour, interspersed here and there with Japanese lanterns. The Ladies' Walk Bridge was one dazzling mass of brilliant lights, that shone from thousands of coloured fairy lamps, which had been elaborately and tastefully arranged in an artistic manner, the design presenting the appearance of fountains of fire. The Ladi-s' Walk, which lends itself so readily to illuminative purposes, seemed like a fairy avenue. The grass on either side was sprinkled thickly with fairy lamps, whilst overhead ran a zigzag line of Japanese lanterns, the combination of the two methods of illumination making up of a scene which even the oriental splendour of the Arabian nights would fail to equal. A too frequent use of Japanese lanterns is apt to produce a surfeit of light, but fortunately in the present instance the blending of the more subdued light of the fairy lamps obviated the difficulty. The lawn and gardens of Paddock House were very tastefully illuminated with coloured lamps, and the Mayor's residence was similarly conspicuous for choiceness of design. The procession of illuminated boats aroused a great deal of interest. First came "H.M.S. Seabrook" which was an exact representation of Nelson's old flagship, the Victory. This was manned by the employes of Mr. Jeal, of Seabrook. Mr. Jeal was on the quarter deck in the uniform of an admiral. The Mayor's boat consisted of an elaborate representation of a Venetian gondola with the occupants in costume. Messrs. Mackeson's boat might appropriately be termed "The Gipsy Queen" as it represented a little woodland with a tent, around which sat the members of the gipsy tribe with the usual paraphernalia of their calling, not omitting the clay pipes. The Mayor's employes had a very prettily decorated boat, and another boat contained several black faced individuals in their sleeping costumes. There were several smaller crafts more or less illuminated, but the above were the principal ones and attracted the most attention. The immense concourse of people that thronged the Ladies' Walk bridge caused a portion of it to give way towards the close of the evening, but the police promptly closed it at both ends, and nothing of a serious nature resulted.
Play was resumed on Thursday, when Hythe met the School of Musketry. The latter won by 59 runs, with three wickets in hand.