ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 7 SEPTEMBER 1895 - 3.
SPORTING NOTES.
(From our Oxford Correspondent.)
THURSDAY.
The chief cricket event in the past busy week was, of course, the final for the County Cup between the City and Cowley, which took place on the Magdalen ground at the beginning of this week. Unfortunately, the match gave rise to two or three unpleasant matters. Before lunch on the first day, while Bassett and Brownrigg were batting, several appeals were made to both umpires for 1-b-w against Bassett, all of which were answered in the batsman's favour, and at last one of the Cowley bowlers made such remarks on the subject to Gladwin that the latter refused to go on umpiring after luncheon. It is surely coming to a pretty pass if men experienced in cricket cannot keep sufficient command of themselves to properly obey the laws of the game. Such behaviour would be hardly excusable amongst small boys, but for men to openly cavil at and make remarks on the decisions of the umpire is most reprehensible. Another thing that is likely to cause further unpleasantness is the fact that Cowley have protested against the victory of the City on the ground that Moulder and Rouse were ineligible to play for them. I don't quite understand what the objection to Rouse is, but as regards Moulder, I believe it is claimed that he does not come within the definition of living within the City limits. On these points, however, I must say no more, as they are matters for the committee to decide.

My prognostications last week were quite overthrown, but it will be remembered that I based my prophecy largely on the prospect of the wicket not being a very good one, whereas the pitch proved to be about as perfect as could be wished, a fact which undoubtedly gave the City a great advantage. Three out of the six men, whom I mentioned as doubtful last week, were unable to play for the City, and with W. S. Case an absentee from the first that club had to take the field without four of their county players. The City, however, proved quite strong enough, and getting first innings ran up a fine score of 314. Towards this total Bassett was the highest contributor, and by means of some of the finest cricket the old blue has ever shown compiled 122 without a chance. Of the rest, Brownrigg (30), Phillips (47), Dickenson (25), and Pike (31) all materially helped the score. Tired out, the Cowley men had about 50 minutes' batting in none too good a light, but instead of sending in their worst bats they sent in some of their best, and men, too, who had been doing a lot of bowling. Two wickets were down for under 40, when about five minutes to six Burrin came out to appeal about the bad light. The City captain generously agreed to leave it to the batsmen—Hinton and Arnold—who decided to go on, with the result that the former lost his wicket.

On the Tuesday the innings was soon finished off for 74, and Cowley had to follow on. In the second venture, they gave a much better account of themselves, and Polley, in particular, played fine and vigorous cricket for 74. Hinton also showed good form and made several capital strokes in putting together his 25. Five other men got into double figures, and with extras (24) again large, though not top scorer this time, the total reached 194. In getting six wickets for 15 Goold brought off a fine bowling feat, and altogether he took eight wickets for 68. Bassett was also pretty fairly on the spot in this department, as he took nine wickets for 124. Unfortunately the attendance was not as good as it might have been, and the Association will not be greatly enriched by the final match. On the first day something over £4 was taken, and on the second about £4 10s., the whole takings not reaching quite £9.

It is proverbial that St. Paul's come out surprisingly in cup ties, while the Star unaccountably fail in those events. Last Saturday's match proved no exception to this rule. Anyone who had seen St. Paul's with practically the same team badly beaten by a weak D.A.C. XI. only a few days before, could not but have been surprised at the form they displayed against the Star 2nd XI. True, they owed their success almost entirely to one man, for Mason practically did everything. He took seven of the Star wickets at a small cost, and then when three of his side were out for the paltry total of 13, he went to the wickets, and by means of some plucky and excellent cricket secured victory for his side. His 66 was made without a chance as far as his play was concerned, but he might have been easily run out early in his innings, a mistake that probably cost the Star the match. While praising Mason, one should not overlook Stone, whose steady 21 was invaluable to his side.

For once in a way Nash and Jennings did not come off with quite as much success as usual, and consequently last Saturday saw the downfall of the City Cupholders and the victory of Cowley 2nd XI. In what I have said above, I refer to Nash and Jennings together in all departments of the game, for individually Jennings certainly did his share of work in taking nine of the Cowley wickets. For the winners a number of the team contributed materially towards the score, though Bancalari and Gooder were the most prominent with 28 and 24. Green also bowled very well indeed, W. Kimber (14) and Gurden (16) being the only two to make any stand worth speaking about

D.A.C. CRICKET WEEK.
(On New College ground).
September 9th—Cowley.
,, 10th—College Servants.
,, 11th—Star.
,, 12th—Headington United.
,, 13th—F. O. C. C.
,, 14th—Victoria.

for the Corporation. At the time these notes will be published, Cowley 2nd XI. and St. Paul's will be contending for the possession of the City Cup, and I have a fancy that the former will be having the best of it.

With the exception of their success in the County Cup competition, the City have not been doing at all well this season, and on Friday and Saturday last suffered defeat at the hands of the M.C.C., though it must be owned that the metropolitan club sent down a strong eleven, including such amateurs as Dauglish and the Gressons and such high class professionals as Pickett, Burton, and Carpenter. Mr. Tubb was, as usual, the visitors' skipper. The home club had a good eleven, including some six county players, and curiously enough it was mainly due to the efforts of two members of the team, that they were to defeat on Monday, that they made so good a show.

The visitors had first innings and made capital use of the advantage, putting together 209 by very even cricket. C. H. Gresson (44) and Carpenter (35) were, however, the chief contributors. The City made a most disastrous start and the telegraph only recorded 14 when five wickets had fallen. Then Phillips and the two Rogers redeemed things somewhat, so that the total reached 123. In the second venture curiously enough almost the same thing happened, the first five wickets falling for 17 runs. This time it was Curtis who helped the two Rogers in filling the breach and making the final score respectable. In fact, so well did the amateur bat that he obtained 67 not out, while the professionals got 30 and 40, the final score of 169 making the visitors go to the wickets a second time to get 89. This they accomplished for the loss of three wickets, Tubb, Carpenter, and Dauglish all being in form. There was nothing very remarkable in the bowling; Goold had the best analysis of four wickets for 30, but Pickett proved the most destructive with 12 wickets for 130.

A keen and exciting match was played between the Star and St. Barnabas on Saturday. The former could do very little with Court, Sawyer, and Robbins, and were all out for 96. Then St. Barnabas went in and made an excellent start, Cooper especially batting well for 34. Seventy was up for three wickets, but at this point Walters came to the rescue, and Turner also bowling with great effect the last seven wickets only put on 18 runs, and the Star proved victorious by eight runs.

E. Hinton once more demonstrated his quality as a bat last Thursday, when he made 114 not out for Cowley St. John v. the D.A.C. He never gave a chance, and his hitting was clean and neat. In the same match Turner made a good score of 61, but his play was not of a very high class. In the end Cowley St. John declared at 242 for six, and disposed of their opponents for 105, though it was a narrow shave, as the last wicket caused a great deal of trouble and was only obtained three or four minutes before time. On Tuesday, the D.A.C. with a terribly weak eleven opposed the City 2nd XI., which consisted of a rather formidable lot. Nevertheless the D.A.C. with the help of Mayhew (50), Orpwood (25), and Speight (26) put together 166, and then got rid of eight of their opponents for 101, Wyatt alone getting over 20.

CITY CUP.
ST. PAUL'S C.C. v. STAR RESERVES.—This semi-final was played on the Merton ground, on Saturday, and resulted in a win for St. Paul's. The Star batted first, but owing to some fine bowling by Mason, they were all dismissed for 92, the score being very even. St. Paul's started none too well, losing three wickets for 13, but Stone and Mason altered the game altogether, taking the score to 67 before Stone was bowled for a fine 21. On Hughes joining Mason, the runs were quickly obtained. Mason was last man out, after playing a grand innings of 66 made without giving a chance, though he might have been run out when the score was about 50. Score:—

STAR 2ND XI.
F H Belgrove, b Mason .. 10
F Bates, b Mason .. 2
E Neale, c Hart, b F Wark 13
J Simmonds, c Howkins, b Hodges .. 10
G Galt, c Hart, b Mason 5
A Payne, b Mason .. 16
G Whittaker, b Mason .. 5
A Taylor, b Mason .. 14
E Lucas, b Walker.. .. 6
W Jones, c and b Mason .. 3
T Piggott, not out .. 0
Byes, etc. .. 8
Total .. 92

ST. PAUL'S.
F Stone, b Galt .. 21
G Bolton, b Galt .. 2
J Goldsworthy, b Galt .. 0
H Hart, b Galt .. 4
W Mason, b Galt .. 66
H Hughes. b Lucas.. .. 7
T Howkins, l-b-w, b Lucas 2
F Wark, not out .. 7
C Hodges
W Giles
W Walker
Byes, etc. .. 17
Total .. 126