ABINGDON HERALD : SATURDAY 7 SEPTEMBER 1895-1.
O.C.C. v. M.C.C.—The annual match between the City Club and the premier club was played on the Hertford ground on Friday and Saturday last, before a large number of spectators. As usual, Mr. Tubb was in charge of the visiting team, and had got together a very powerful combination, which included three old Blues in Messrs. M. J. Dauglish, F. H. and C. H. Gresson, and three first class professionals, Pickett and Carpenter, of Essex, and Burton, the old Middlesex trundler, who did such a remarkable performance on the same ground last season. Unfortunately, the home club was unable to put their best team in the field, Gmelin, Bassett, Wood, Case, and Day all being away. Edmund Burrin had got a capital wicket prepared, and the visitors going in first made good use of it. Tubb and Carpenter made a good start, and afterwards C. H. Gresson played a fine not out innings, being ably assisted by Hill, and the venture did not close till the total reached 209. The start of the City innings was most remarkable, half of the team being disposed of for 14 runs. Then, thanks to some lively hitting by Phillips and the brothers Rogers, the end did not come till the total reached 128, or 81 behind. The second innings commenced like the first, five wickets being down again for 17, and it looked as if the home team was in for an innings defeat. Dauglish was responsible for the dismissal of the first four batsmen, all off Pickett, the old 'Varsity stumper being in form, but by far the best performance was the splendid not out innings of F. D. Curtis, whose 67 was the highest individual score in the match. The visitors required 90 to win, and these were obtained for the loss of three wickets. Tubb and Carpenter made a capital start, and looked like making the runs between them, but at 63 both left, and before the runs were made F. H. Gresson also lost his wicket. Play commenced on Friday at 12.20, when Mr. Tubb, who had won the toss, was accompanied to the wickets by Carpenter. The bowling was opened by the brothers Rogers, and in his first over Tubb cut A. through the slips to the boundary, and then drove Peter for 3, and played him to leg for 4. Carpenter cut "Brusher" for 4, and then a hard drive from the other end was finely fielded by Arnold. Carpenter cut "Brusher" for 3 and 4, and drove Peter straight to the boundary. At 49 the fast bowler took Tubb's stumps, and without a run being added, Peter got Carpenter caught at extra cover, and with his next ball clean bowled Dauglish. Stratton and F. H. Gresson were now together, and each got "Brusher" away for 5, and Stratton on-drove Peter for 2 and 3, but at 77 got his leg in front. Cobbold began by cutting A. Rogers for 4 and a couple, while Gresson cut Peter for 3 and 5, all run out. At 104, Good relieved the latter, and with his second ball got Gresson out l-b-w, a decision which the batsman did not relish. C. H. Gresson and Cobbold stayed together till luncheon, when the score stood at 117 for 5. After the interval, A. Rogers resumed at the pavilion end. Peter quickly obtained two wickets, clean bowling Cobbold and getting Burton caught in the slips. Allan joined C. H. Grason, and at 138 was badly missed at cover-point. Gresson cut "Brusher" twice to the boundary, and then Allen received another life at the wicket. Brownrigg superseded "Brusher" at 155, and with his first ball took Allen's leg stump. With Hill in, Gresson hit Brownrigg twice to leg for 4, and Hill repeated this in his next over. Good went on vice P. Rogers at 174, and at 189 "Brusher" resumed at his old end. Hill twice drove the latter to the off boundary, sending up the second century at 3.40, but was directly afterwards bowled by Good, who also bowled Pickett. The innings closed at five minutes past four for 209. Gresson carried out his bat for a splendid innings of 44. Good was the most successful bowler with three wickets for 22. The home team opened their first venture with Welbury and Brownrigg, the bowling being shared by Burton (pavilion end) and Pickett. Only two runs had been scored before Brownrigg was snapped at the wicket, and then followed a long period of tedious play, 11 overs being sent down for only 4 runs. Welbury then cut Pickett through the slips to the boundary, but then the home team had a very bad time of it, Arnold, Moulder, and Roberts all fell victims to the Essex professional, and Curtis returned a ball to Burton, half the side being out for 14 runs. Phillips joined Welbury and at once set to work, hitting Pickett twice to the on boundary, and cutting Burton for 4 and 2. He then received a life in the long field from F. H Gresson, and signalised his let-off by driving Pickett twice for a couple, and getting Burton to leg for 5. Welbury cut the latter for 4, and Phillips twice drove Pickett to the boundary, but the latter had his revenge by bowling him at 59. With P. Rogers in, F. H. Gresson relieved Burton, and at 66 Welbury was taken in the slips, making way for A. Rogers. The latter cut Gresson to the boundary, and drove him for 3, while Peter twice hit Pickett to the on boundary, which brought on Burton at 96. "Brusher" twice off-drove him for 4, and Peter got him to leg for a like number. A. Rogers was shortly afterwards bowled by Pickett, and Goold, after making a single, succumbed to Burton. Buckell whipped in, and hit Burton twice to the off boundary, and cut him for 3, but with only 2 runs wanted to save the follow on he fell a victim to Pickett. With the fall of the last wicket play ceased for the day.—The City followed on their innings at 11.30 on Saturday morning, and again made a most disastrous start, the commencement being really a repetition of the first innings, Brownrigg, Arnold, Moulder, and Roberts all falling to catches at the wicket by the old Blue stumper, off Pickett, while Welbury was taken at point, half the side being out for 17. Phillips and Curtis now got together, and the former got Pickett away to leg for 3, drove him to the off boundary, but at 57 had his off stump bowled down. P. Rogers came in and cut the fast bowler for 5, and hit Burton to the boundary. Curtis got Burton to the on for 2 and cut him for 3, and drove Pickett twice for 4. Peter cut Pickett through the slips for 3, and past point twice for 4, run out. This he followed up by driving Burton straight for 4, and cutting his next ball for 5, but was shortly afterwards caught at the boundary for a valuable innings of 50. With "Brusher" in, Curtis drove Burton to the off boundary, and Rogers served him in a like manner, but then received a life in the slips from Burton. Curtis cut Pickett for 4, and at 110 Stratton relieved Burton. Rogers cut and off drove him to the boundary in his first over, and at 129 Gresson bowled vice Pickett. Rogers played him to leg for 3, and Curtis cut him twice for a couple in his first over, and in his next cut and drove him to the boundary, but then "Brusher" was out to a fine running catch at long off by F. H. Gresson. Goold offered no resistance, and Buckell, after making a couple, was caught at mid-on, the innings closing for 169. Requiring 89 to win, the M.C.C. entered on their task at 2.25, Tubb and Carpenter opposing the attack of the brothers Rogers. Tubb cut "Brusher" for 3, and drove and snicked Peter for a trio, while his partner got him to leg for 2. Tubb then cut him for 4, played his brother to the leg boundary, Brownrigg relieved "Brusher" at 35, and Carpenter cut and drove him to the boundary. "Brusher" resumed at 50, and one run later Goold relieved Peter. Carpenter on drove him for 4, and at 59 "Brusher" bowled down Tubb's leg stump. Goold relieved Peter. Carpenter on drove him for 4, and at 59 "Brusher" bowled down Tubb's leg stump. Dauglish and Gresson got together, but the latter after cutting A. Rogers for 2 and 4, fell to a catch at the wicket. Dauglish cut and drove "Brusher" to the boundary, and was then let off at the wicket, and driving the next ball for 4 won the match for his side at 3.30 by 7 wickets. Score and analysis:—

M.C.C.
1st innings
Carpenter, c Buckell, b Rogers (P) 35
H Tubb, b Rogers (A) .. 16
F H Gresson, l-b-w, b Goold .. 22
M J Dauglish, b Rogers (P) .. 0
W J Stratton, l-b-w, b Rogers (A).. 16
P W Cobbold, b Rogers (P) .. 24
C H Gresson, not out.. .. 44
Burton, c Rogers (A), b Rogers (P) 7
W H Allen, b Brownrigg .. .. 9
J Hill, b Goold.. .. .. 27
Pickett, b Goold .. .. .. 0
Byes, etc. .. .. .. 9
Total .. .. .. ..209

2nd innings.
c Phillips, b Goold 26
b Rogers (A) .. 30
c Phillips, b Rogers
(A) .. .. 10
not out .. .. 20
not out .. .. 7
Total (5 wkts) .. 93

O.C.C.
C F Brownrigg, c Dauglish, b Burton .. .. 2
W Welbury, c Burton, b Pickett .. 15
Arnold, b Pickett .. .. 3
T H K Moulder, b Pickett .. .. 0
A W Roberts, b Pickett .. .. 0
F D Curtis, c and b Burton.. .. 5
M T Phillips, b Pickett .. .. 35
Rogers (P), not out .. .. 22
Rogers (A), b Pickett.. .. 26
J Goold, b Burton .. .. 1
F J Buckell, b Pickett .. .. 12
Byes, etc. .. .. .. 7
Total .. .. .. ..128

2nd innings.
c Dauglish, b Pickett .. 7
c Tubb, b Burton.. 8
c Dauglish, b Pickett .. 0
c Dauglish, b Pickett .. 0
c Dauglish, b Pickett .. 0
not out .. .. 67
b Pickett .. .. 7
c F H Gresson, b Burton.. .. 30
c Cobbold, b Stratton .. 40
c Dauglish, b Stratton .. 0
c Stratton, b Gresson .. 3
Byes, etc. .. 5
Total.. ..159

ANALYSIS.
M.C.C.
1st innings.
Rogers (A) 31 5 100 2
Rogers (P) 28 7 57 4
J Goold .. 7.3 0 22 3
C E Brownrigg 5 2 11 1

2nd innings.
15-1 4 50 2
10 3 17 0
7 4 8 1
2 0 14 0

O.C.C.
Burton .. 13 5 42 3
Pickett .. 23-3 6 64 7
F H Gresson 6 1 15 6
J W Stratton — — — —

2nd innings.
17 5 47 2
13 3 66 5
7 0 32 0
6-2 1 19 2