ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 7 SEPTEMBER 1895-2.

OXFORDSHIRE CUP.—O.C.C. v. COWLEY.
An immense amount of interest was centred in this match to see who should be the possessors of the senior cricket trophy for the second year. The Cowley Club had their strongest possible team out, but the City were not at all strongly represented, being still without the services of four of their best batsmen—Day, Case, Gemlin and Wood, either owing to business engagements or absence from Oxford. The match was played on the Magdalen ground on Monday and Tuesday, and the wicket prepared reflected great credit on the genial custodian, Joe Rogers. A sixpenny gate was charged, and a fair number paid to witness the match, although perhaps the crowd would have been a great deal larger had the charge been only 3d. The match was fought out with the greatest good feeling between the rival teams; but it is greatly to be regretted that a remark made by one of the Cowley players gave offence to Gladwin, who started the umpiring with Joe Rogers, and he refused to resume after luncheon on the first day, and Sturgess had to be pressed into officiating in that capacity, and gave no cause of complaint to either side. The hero of the match was undoubtedly Hubert Bassett, whose grand innings of 122 was the best he has ever played for the City Club. This he followed up with some capital bowling when Cowley went in a second time, and in the whole match was responsible for nine wickets for 124. Gold, perhaps, was mostly the cause of the collapse of the Cowley batsmen, and in the first innings had the remarkable analysis of six wickets for 15 runs. Brownrigg, Phillips and Pike also claimed a share in the splendid victory of the City, the former aiding Bassett to put on 97 for the first wicket. Last year in the preliminary round of the competition it will be remembered that the City team hit up a total of 303 against the Cowley bowlers for the loss of only three wickets, but this total was passed on Monday. Going in to bat at 12.20 they remained in possession of the wickets till five o'clock, and the last batsman was not disposed of until the total had reached 314. Considering the length of the innings P. Rogers and Polley came out with a very creditable analysis, and the fielding of the Cowley team left nothing to be desired. In the 45 minutes left for play Cowley did none too well, and before stumps were drawn had lost three good wickets for 41 runs. Resuming on Tuesday morning they never looked like making many runs, and the innings closed for 74, or 240 behind. In their second venture they made a much better show. Polley was in fine form, and in a couple of hours hit up the capital score of 74 before being out to a catch at mid-on. Hinton also played a good innings, and useful scores were also made by several other members of the team, and the end did not come till the total had reached 194, leaving the City with a well-earned victory by an innings and 46 runs.
Play commenced on Monday at 12.20, when the City, having won the toss, sent in Bassett and Brownrigg to oppose the delivery of the brothers Rogers. Brownrigg got Peter twice to the on for a couple, and Bassett played "Brusher" to the leg boundary, and cut his next ball to the fence, following this with a like stroke two overs later. At 29 W. King relieved Peter, who had sent down eight overs for 11 runs, and Bassett got him twice to the leg boundary, and Rogers in the same direction for a couple, following this up with an off-drive for 4. He then survived three appeals for leg-before, and at 45 Polley superseded "Brusher." Bassett cut him to the boundary, and then had three more appeals for leg-before answered in his favour. After driving King for a couple Brownrigg cut him to the fence, and then the left-hander repeated this, which brought on A. Rogers again at the pavilion end, and at 65 Peter resumed at the other end. The pair were still together at lunch time, when the score was 83, Bassett being credited with 57 and Brownrigg 23. After the interval the brothers Rogers took up the attack, and Brownrigg cut "Brusher" for 4, and played him to leg for 3. He did not stay much longer, being caught at point at 97 for a capital innings of 30. With Moulder in Bassett sent up the century at 2.40, but at 104 the new comer was out l-b-w. Roberts filled the vacancy, and at once cut "Brusher" to the boundary, while Bassett cut and drove Peter for 3 and twice drove "Brusher" to the boundary. This caused Polley to relieve him at 129 and at 130 W. King bowled sic Peter. Bassett hit "Fiddler" twice for 2 and drove Polley to the boundary, but at 144 lost the company of Roberts, who was out for obstruction. Phillips came in, and hit Polley square for 4, and at 152 Bassett completed his century by placing King to the leg boundary. Phillips drove Polley twice to the off-boundary, and in King's next over hit him three times for 4. At 186 a double change in the attack took place, P. Rogers and H. King going on. The 200 was hoisted at 3.40. Each batsman drove King to the boundary, and Peter got hit twice to the on for 4 by Phillips, who was then let off from a very hard cut to point. This made little difference as four runs later he fell to a catch at mid-off. The stand for the fourth wicket had produced 78 runs, his share being 47, in which were nine 4's. Good succumbed to the first ball he received, and at 222 Bassett was out l-b-w. for a brilliant innings of 122, made up of fourteen 4's, four 3's, and eight 2's. He had been batting exactly three hours, and had not made a single mistake, and was only three or four times at fault with the bowling. With Pike and Dickinson together, A. Rogers resumed, and the latter cut him for 4 and played him to leg for a couple and a quartette, and Pike cut him twice for 4 and hit him to the leg boundary. Dickinson cut Peter for 3, and getting the other end cut "Brusher" to the boundary and drove him for 3, which caused him to give way to Polley at 274, while at 283 W. King went on at the other end. The last change met with immediate success, Dickinson being stumped from his first ball for a nice innings of 25. Pike did not long survive him, being bowled by Polley at 294 for 31, and two runs later Rouse shared the same fate. Buckell and Weippert put on 18 for the last wicket, and at five o'clock the innings closed for 314. Peter Rogers and Polley came out best in bowling, each claiming four wickets for 55 and 59 respectively.
Cowley commenced their first venture with Arnold and P. Rogers, the bowling being entrusted to Bassett and Gold. Each got Bassett to leg for 2, and Arnold cut Gold for 3, and drove Bassett to the boundary. Gold upset Peter's stumps at 23, and Polley, who followed in, after snicking Bassett for 2 and 4, got his leg in front and had to retire, and with 41 on the board Hinton was bowled by Gold. With the fall of this wicket stumps were drawn for the day, the City holding a decided advantage.
Play was resumed on Tuesday at 11.40, when A. Rogers accompanied Arnold to the wickets. The latter did not stay very long, being well thrown out at 47, and then in quick succession P. King, Turner, and W. King all fell victims to Gold, who was bowling in fine form. A. Rogers made one or two good hits, but at 70 unfortunately played a ball into his wicket, and for the addition of four runs the innings came to a close, Hodgkins returning a ball to Bassett and H. King bowled by Gold. The latter had a remarkable analysis for a match of this description, his six wickets (all clean bowled) for 15 runs being his best performance for the City club.
Being 240 in arrears the Cowley team "followed on" at 12.45, Burrin and P. Rogers being the first pair of batsmen, the bowling again being taken up by Bassett and Gold. The first eight overs only produced two runs, and then Peter cut Bassett to the boundary, and got Gold to leg for 3, while Burrin cut Bassett for 2 and drove him for a quartette. At 28, however, both left, Peter being bowled by a "shooter" from Gold, and Burrin somewhat luckily caught at the wicket. Arnold and Polley now got together, and the latter gave a hard chance to the wicket-keeper, which was not accepted. The pair were still together at 50, at which point luncheon was taken. On resuming Polley twice drove Bassett to the boundary, but at 69 lost the company of Arnold, who fell to a catch at cover-point. Hinton came in, and cut Gold twice for 4, and drove Bassett to the boundary, while Polley also got him to leg for 3, sending up the century at 3.55. At 115 Brownrigg relieved Bassett and Polley at once cut him to the boundary, while Hinton served Gold in a like manner, which brought on Roberts at 129. This change immediately met with success, getting rid of Hinton with his first ball, and with only three added clean bowled "Brusher." At 155 Gold and Bassett resumed. King got a trio off the left-hander, but he had his revenge shortly afterwards, getting him caught at cover-point. Turner, who followed, was again dismissed without scoring, and Polley was taken at mid-on for a splendid innings of 74, in which were ten 4's, four 3's, and five 2's. W. King was out to a remarkable catch by Brownrigg at 193, and with P. King taken at cover-point one run later the innings came to a termination leaving the City winners by an innings and 46 runs. Bassett secured six wickets for 83 runs.
Score and analysis:—
O.C.C.
H Bassett, l-b-w, b P Rogers 122
C E Brownrigg, c Hinton, b P Rogers .. 30
T H Moulder, l-b-w, b A Rogers .. 2
A W Roberts, l-b-w, b Polley .. 9
M T Phillips, c H King, b P Rogers .. 47
J Good, b P Rogers .. 0
G W R Dickinson, st. Arnold, b W King .. 25
W A Pike, b Polley .. 31
W H C Weippert, not out .. 18
A Rouse, b Polley .. 0
F J Bucknell, b Polley .. 7
Byes, etc. .. 23
Total .. 314

COWLEY.
1st Innings.
F Arnold, run out .. 14
P Rogers, b Gold .. 4
G Polley, l-b-w, b Bassett .. 4
E Hinton, b Gold .. 0
A Rogers, b Bassett .. 15
P King, b Gold .. 1
W Turner, b Gold .. 0
W King, b Gold .. 0
W Hodgkins, c and b Bassett .. 3
P Burrin, not out .. 2
H King, b Gold .. 1
Byes, etc. .. 22
Total .. 74

2nd Innings.
Brownrigg, b Bassett .. 14
c Rowe, b Bassett .. 74
b Roberts .. 25
b Roberts .. 2
c Buckell, b Bassett .. 12
b Bassett .. 0
c Brownrigg, b Gold .. 12
not out .. 6
c Pike, b Bassett .. 14
c Bucknell b Bassett .. 0
Byes, etc. .. 24
Total .. 194

ANALYSIS OF THE BOWLING.
COWLEY.
1st Innings.
O. M. R. W.
Bassett 19 6 37 3
J Gold 15 2 15 6

2nd Innings.
O. M. R. W.
Bassett 33 4 87 6
J Gold 36 13 53 2
C E Brownrigg 9 2 18 0
A W Roberts 4 0 12 2

O.C.C.
O. M. R. W.
A Rogers 33 9 103 1
P Rogers 36 12 55 4
W King 21 4 54 1

O. M. R. W.
W Polley 20 2 59 4
H King 6 1 20 0