ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895-5.
SPORTING NOTES.
(From our Oxford Correspondent.)
THURSDAY.
Cup-ties were numerous last week, and consequently the cricket generally was fuller of interest than usual. There were two important contests in the semi-finals for the County Cup, but neither of them produced any surprise except that perhaps the favourite club won in each case rather easier than was expected. The City and the Victoria attracted a goodly number of spectators. The former won the toss, but it was undoubtedly one of those few occasions when the right thing was to put the opponents in, which was done. The wicket was still difficult owing to the recent wet weather, but the drying process was proceeding so fast that there was every prospect of its improving before the day was out.

In addition to other advantages, the City had in Case a bowler who was quite new to the Victoria batsmen, and so well did he take advantage of his opportunities that a few minutes over the hour sufficed to dispose of the whole of the Victoria team for 49 only. Case had the remarkable analysis of nine wickets for 22 runs, and the great collapse of the Victoria batting was the more unexpected as the club had been doing pretty well of late. At this point it looked as if all interest was gone out of the game, but the City started in a more disastrous way than their opponents. Nutt and Freeborn proved quite irresistible, and Day, Case, Sheard and Phillips had all gone by the time 10 appeared on the telegraph. Moulder and A. W. Roberts were then associated, but the score had not been augmented by 20 before the former gave a chance in the deep. This, however, was not accepted, and proved the turning point of the game. The Victoria's score was soon passed, and Moulder, playing faultless cricket and putting plenty of power into his strokes, finally amassed the fine total of 94. A. W. Roberts also deserves great praise for his steady defensive play at a critical time. Subsequently G. A. Roberts played a good not-out innings of 25. An opinion was expressed that the Victoria did not bowl Freeborn enough, an opinion which the figures in the analysis certainly seem to confirm.

Cowley put almost the strongest team they could raise into the field against Thame, who were also well represented, D. C. Lee being about the only absentee. By-the-way, the City and Victoria also had good teams, though the former were the worst off with Browning and Gmelin absent against Hedges on the other side. To return to the Cowley and Thame match. Like the other, it attracted a fairly good gathering of spectators, and as Cowley had first innings the interest was kept up longer, though it was felt from the start that the visitors were over-matched.

Regarding the actual play, the brothers Rogers were mainly responsible for the victory, though the batting was by no means uneven throughout the team. Arnold and P. Rogers made an excellent start, putting on 55 for the first wicket, but it might have been only half that amount had a chance from P. Rogers at 27 been accepted. Later on A. Rogers hit about vigorously and put 40 to his credit, so that with useful scores from F. and W. King, Burrin and Walker the total rose to 181. At no time did Thame look like making a fight of it, and the only stands made were for the second and fifth wickets, Wells and Rowell putting on 21 for the former and Rowell and Holloway 13 for the latter. Both the Rogers were in dangerous moods, while W. King, who took the ball later on, rattled out three men for only five runs. For Thame, Messenger proved the most successful bowler, and he might have had still more work with advantage. In the batting, Rowell and Holloway gave excellent displays considering the trying circumstances.

The final for the County Cup will therefore have to be fought out between Cowley and the City, which were certainly the two strongest teams on paper that entered the competition. A meeting of the committee of the Association will be held to-morrow at the "Golden Cross," at noon, when the place and date of the final will be selected. It is generally expected that the date will be September 2nd and 3rd, but the selection of the ground is at present doubtful; for my own part I should say that one in Oxford would prove far and away the most convenient and pay the best. Still, of course, the consideration of keeping up the interest in district centres cannot be ignored.

The County met with another reverse on Monday and Tuesday last, when they opposed the M.C.C. at Lord's. It can hardly be said that they in any way discredited themselves, for the premier club had got together a high-class eleven, with such first-class cricketers as Hornsby, Carpenter, Hewett, Dauglish, Mead, etc. To get such a side out for 158 was a capital performance, and reflects credit on the steady bowling of the brothers Rogers. Carlin was the only one to make any serious stand, and his 68 was got by excellent cricket. The visitors with Bradford (13) and Wells (22) made a fair start, but thereafter Woodcock and Mead carried all before them and the innings closed for 61. Woodcock's analysis of 8 overs, 1 maiden, 16 runs, and 5 wickets being the most remarkable performance of the match.

Following on our team did much better. Smith was in his happiest vein, and playing a safe game obtained the fine score of 42 not out. Wood also had his revenge for being disposed of so cheaply in the first innings, and scored 33 by means of some stylish cricket. Rendford, Wells and Deane also put on useful items, so that they managed to save the innings defeat and set the M.C.C. 41 to get to win. These, however, were obtained for the loss of only one wicket, and the county had to put up with a nine wicket defeat.

There were two or three more City Cup matches on during the past week, but I must own that I am rather in a fog as to exactly how far the competition has gone. The holders had a narrow shave of being knocked out by the Clarendon Press last Saturday. The Press batted first, and mainly by the assistance of Simms and Eddius compiled 89. Nash was quite in his best form and took nine wickets for 30. At the commencement of the Corporation innings Wheeler carried all before him, and five wickets fell in rapid succession. Then Jennings made things lively, and further assistance coming from R. Kimber and Tanner the score reached 85 for nine wickets. At this point the excitement naturally ran high. Tanner and Thomas, however, managed to get the required runs, and won the match for the holders by six.

In the match between Cowley 2nd XI. and the College Servants 2nd XI., Colonel Ward, Captain Lethbridge, and Goodey were all in good form for Cowley, who finally amassed 122. Goodey proved even more effective with the ball than the bat, and with the exception of Kulbs and Allen the Servants made a sorry show, and were all out for 57.

The St. Paul's and E.O.C.C. tie on Saturday proved a striking reversal of a friendly contest which took place on the Thursday previous. On that day the Conservatives made 104 and bowled their opponents out for 26 only. Whereas on Saturday St. Paul's scored 176 for seven wickets and disposed of the E.O.C.C. for 63. For the parish club the scoring was consistently good, but Mason (53) and Hart (40) gave the best displays. Hedges proved the great stumbling block to the Conservatives. Only Huggins (27), Bristowe (11) and Wesdon (10) could make anything of him, and even these had to succumb to his onslaught in the end. His analysis was the remarkable one of seven wickets for 13 runs.

The D.A.C. have been rather under a cloud of late, receiving defeats at the hands of St. Barnabas and Mr. Holloway's XI. On Saturday, however, they did better, and managed to gain a victory over Headington Quarry by 23 runs. The match was full of incident. In the first place the D.A.C. lost seven wickets for 29, and then by some spirited play on the part of Dr. Brooks (57) and patient defence, J. Haines and Spurling totalled 108. Headington Quarry in reply started pretty well, and had got 70 on the board for the loss of only four wickets when a rot set in and the whole side were out for 80.

The biennial meeting of the Oxford and Cambridge Servants on the river and the cricket field took place at the end of last week. Cambridge was the scene of operations, and according to all accounts the Oxford visitors were treated right royally during their three days' stay. Besides the chief objects of the re-union entertainments and amusements were provided continually. Unfortunately for Oxford they were unsuccessful in the two great events, after an excellent fight in both, the boat race being lost by three quarters of a length and the cricket match by 10 runs. In the latter contest it was undoubtedly the fine batting of J. Stearn, Collins and Holt in the first innings which gave Cambridge the victory. In the rowing the sinuous course of the Cam appeared to bother the visiting cox considerably, and is supposed to have lost his boat a good deal.

On Saturday the Oxford Times C.C. broke the spell of bad luck which has attended their annual matches with Wheatley for some years past. The scoring was low, so that the majority of 23 by which the O.T. won was a fairly large margin. The winners owed their success as much as anything to the great improvement in their fielding, two or three very smart catches being brought off.