OXFORD TIMES: SATURDAY 17 AUGUST 1895-3.

SPORTING NOTES.
[By THE CAPTAIN.]

THURSDAY.
The fortunes of the county have varied considerably in the last three encounters, providing a win, a draw, and a loss. On Wednesday and Thursday last week the team met Buckinghamshire at Wolverton, but the visitors had ultimately to submit to defeat by 51 runs. Our men certainly appear to have a great objection to the bowling of Nash and Wright, who captured wickets with the same precision as in the first encounter at Thame. Arnold once more demonstrated what a useful man he is, and had it not been for him and Day there is no saying how low the score of the first innings might have been.

On Friday and Saturday the eleven went to Bedford to oppose Bedfordshire, and for the second time this season came out of the fray triumphant. The home team had first innings, but could do very little with P. Rogers, who finally took six wickets for 43 runs. Only three men got into double figures, and the total reached 10 short of the 100. Oxfordshire did a great deal better, and made a capital start with Bassett in form, and receiving good assistance from Miller and Smith. Then two or three wickets fell quickly, but Ward and Wood offered a stubborn resistance, and the score was finally taken to 223. It was most satisfactory to see Bassett playing in quite his old form, his 63 being put together by good cricket.

On Saturday, therefore, Bedfordshire had to start their second innings with 133 to wipe off in order to save the innings defeat. At one period of the game it looked as if they might accomplish the task, but later wickets fell so fast that the venture was closed with the home side still in a minority of 30 runs. As in the first innings Brown (99) was top scorer, while Manton followed him closely with a useful 20. P. Rogers was again the hero of the bowling department, and was even more successful than in the first venture, for he took eight wickets at a cost of only 6.6 runs apiece.

The Worcestershire match, which was down for Monday and Tuesday, at Dudley, had to be left drawn on the first day, owing to the rain which prevented any thought of play on the Tuesday. As far as the match went it was very even indeed. The home county had first innings, and after quickly losing H. J. Foster they made a fair start, Milward playing well for 28, and Arnold and Wilkes both reaching double figures. With the exception of Bromley-Martin and Jobson, the rest could do very little, and the total only realised 107. A. Rogers did best in the bowling this time, and acquired five wickets for 39 runs. The first batsmen for Oxfordshire failed badly, and for a while it looked as if the visitors would not nearly approach even the low score of their opponents. Seven wickets fell, and only two men had reached double figures, Case (12) and Ward (18), then P. Rogers laid about him in smart fashion, and when stumps were drawn for the day was still not out with 23 to his credit, and the Oxfordshire score was 98 for the loss of nine wickets.

The Star II. seems to be having better luck than their first eleven usually have in cup ties, and have now got through to the semi-final of the City Cup. Their last match was against Ifley. The latter had first innings, but unfortunately failed before the good bowling of Simmonds. A. R. Parker was the only batsman to make double figures, and he was missed off the first ball he had; afterwards he hit freely and got 19, so that with a liberal supply of extras (11) the score reached 56. Simmonds' analysis showed seven wickets for 23 runs, which is excellent. The Star men were not long in hitting off the required run, and Neal, of Littlemore fame, put together a capital 66. Galt made a useful 23, and the final total amounted to 128. Either the E.O.C.C. or St. Paul's will be the Star's opponents in the semi-final.

On Saturday last a match that has lapsed for three years was renewed, viz., a friendly between the Star and the Victoria. I am sure that everybody will join me in feeling very glad that whatever unpleasantness has existed between these two clubs has at last been satisfactorily banished. The game itself proved most enjoyable, and at the end neither side could claim a victory, though the Victoria were in the better position. The latter going in first lost six wickets for 142, when they declared. G. Gray played very nice cricket for his 42, and R.T. Roberts (30) and Now (29) also made a good show. On the Star going in only Penny made much of a display, and he obtained 43, which is distinctly a good score against the strong bowling opposed to him. In the end the Star lost five wickets for 76.

The Star played another draw last Thursday with the E.O.C.C., the game being left in an even and interesting condition. The Star scored 111 for nine, to which R. Cummings supplied the most with 29, Wyatt bowling very well for the E.O.C.C., and taking five wickets. The Conservatives scored 33 for the loss of two wickets, when rain stopped the further play.

The Corporation C.C. received a return visit from the Cheltenham Corporation employes on Saturday, and a pleasant function it proved. The City Cup-holders had so astonished the natives of Cheltenham when they went there in May that their opponents this time recruited from outside, and brought a pretty good team, with the result that they had the satisfaction of returning home victorious. Broughton (33) played a capital game for the winners and for the losers Brooks and Tanner shared the honours of top scorers. Tibbetts and Jennings were much on the spot with the ball for their respective sides, taking six wickets for 32 and six wickets for 36. The contest was most exciting at the finish, the visitors only winning by three runs. The match was made the occasion of quite a social gathering between the Corporations of the two towns, and the visitors professed themselves highly pleased with the entertainment provided for them.

Next Saturday Cowley will meet Thame on the ground of the former in the semi-final for the County Cup, and will be represented by the following:-W. King, a. Rogers, F. Rogers, G. Polley, F. Arnold, E. Hinton, E. Burrin, F. King, H. King, W. Hodgkins, and Colonel Ward. With such a team Cowley ought to win with comparative ease. By-the-way, I understand that the D.A.C. were wishful to play their cup-tie with the City on July 27th, which date they could have insisted on by the rules, but agreed to a further postponement, and risked the chance of having to scratch, because the City could not have put a proper team in the field owing to the match with Mr. Stuart Campbell's XI. I mention it because it was a sportsmanlike proceeding, and contrasts with what happened at the time of Mr. Campbell's match last year.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
(On the ground of the first named).
AUGUST 17TH.
Cowley v. Thame (County Cup).
Victoria v. City (County Cup).
F. O. C. C. v. Cowley Barracks.
St. Barnabas v. Clarendon Press.
Clarendon Press 2nd v. St. Barnabas 2nd.
Corporation v. Cowley St. John.
Cowley St. John 2nd v. Corporation 2nd.
E. O. L. C. v. Star.
Star 2nd v. Victoria 2nd.
St. Paul's v. Y. M. C. A.
St. Peter-le-Bailey v. St. Paul's 2nd.
Victoria v. Cowley.
D. A. C. v. Headington Quarry.

AUGUST 19TH.
M. C. C. v. Oxfordshire, at Lords (first day).

AUGUST 20TH.
M. C. C. v. Oxfordshire (second day).
College Servants v. F. O. C. C.

AUGUST 21ST.
Oxfordshire v. Norfolk, at Norwich (first day).
Earl Jersey's XI. v. City.
Star 2nd v. Cowley St. John 2nd.
D. A. C. v. Cowley Barracks.

AUGUST 22ND.
Oxfordshire v. Norfolk (second day).
F. O. C. C. v. Cowley St. John.
College Servants v. Victoria.

STAR C.C. v. E.O.C.C.—Played on Thursday last. R. Cummings, T. H. K. Moulder, C. Ingram, and J. R. Benson all batted well for the Star. East Oxford had lost two wickets when the rain came on and stopped play. Score:-
STAR CC.-F H K Moulder, b Wyatt 17; W King, b Smith, 0; J B Benson, b H King 18; S H Belgrave, b Wyatt 1; P Forshaw, c Brooker, b Wyatt 9; O Leech, b H King 6; R Cummings, c Astell, b P King 58; C Ingram, not out 19; T Court, c P King, b Wyatt 1; T Simmonds, b Wyatt 0; F Draper, not out 0; byes, etc 12. Total (9 wts), 111.
EAST OXFORD CONSERVATIVE C.C.-W Smith, b W King 7; P Wyatt, b W King 10; P King, not out 15; H King, R Marriott, F Booker, W Wooden, G Durham, G Beckett, G Astell, F Manders; byes, etc 3. Total (2 wts), 33.

RUSFORD & ORIAL AND CORPUS COLLEGE SERVANTS.—The above match was played at Burford on Wednesday afternoon, August 14th, in fine weather, the home side winning by 57 runs on the first innings. Score:-
BURFORD.-F Chestle, b King, 0; J J Wall, e Walker, b King, 1; H F Pigott, l-b-w, b Brown, 42; W O Chestle, c and b Knibbe, 0; E Hunt, b Knibbe, 4; W O Burton, run out, 33; R H Brown, c Walker, b Brown, 6; W S Adamson, b Brown, 4; P Wyatt, b Knibbe, 7; H Smith, b Knibbe, 0; F Drinkwater, not out, 2. Byes, etc., 12. Total, 107.
ORIEL AND CORPUS COLLEGE SERVANTS.-W O Wyatt, c and b G Chestle, 1; J Goldsworthy, b E Chestle, 8; F King b G Chestle, 3; A Brown, c Pigott, b E Chestle, 6; J Nash, c Pigott, b E Chestle, 0; W Knibbe, b G Chestle, 8; W H Wills, c Drinkwater, b E Chestle 6; F Alloway, not out, 6; H Walker, b G Chestle, 1; H O Bates, b E Chestle, 4; A Green, b G Chestle, 2; byes, etc., 4. Total, 53.

MR. MADRON LANGHAM'S XI. v. XI. WANTAGE GENTLEMEN.—Played on the Merton Ground on Friday. The Wantage team turned up short, and the services of P. King and H. King were requisitioned, and these materially altered the complexion of the game, which was confined to an innings each and resulted in a win for Wantage by 62 runs. During the interval between the innings Mr. Langham entertained the elevens and a number of friends to a very pleasant luncheon in the pavilion. Score:-
MR. M. LANGHAM'S XI.      GENTLEMEN OF WANTAGE.
W T Unken, b Langford    0   T A Taylor, b E Cross    ..  5
W Bruning, c Goddard, b  11  H Betteridge, b W King   ..  2
Langford                 ..  (c) Pottering, b Browning .. 49
T Sisou, c Keall         ..  1   H King, run out        ..  5
E Hinton, b Langford     ..  1   F King, b W King       .. 67
E Cryer, b Keall         ..  9   W Laing, b E King      ..  7
W King, c Betteridge, b  ..  6   Keall, b E King        ..  9
Keall                    ..    Goddard, b E King        ..  3
J Hughes, c King, b Keall..  1   F Wells, b E King      ..  7
F King, b Langford       ..  2   Langford, b E King     ..  3
E King, c Langford, b Keall.. 8   Grossway, not out      ..  0
H Hurmer, c Grossway, b  ..  7
Keall                    ..    
M Langham, not out       ..  4
Byes, etc.               ..  5                         Byes, etc.             .. 10
Total                    .. 55                         Total                  .. 147