MACCLESFIELD CHRONICLE: FRIDAY 16 AUGUST 1895-2.

CRICKET.

MACCLESFIELD v. LAVENSHULME.—On the ground of the first named. Score:—Macclesfield: Whiston 2, Lewis b Atkinson 15, Dr. Beach not out 25, Trodd not out 11, Flaut not out 3, extras 4; total 58. At 67 for two rain stopped play.

BOLLINGTON v. SANDBACH.—At Sandbach. Sandbach: W. H. Latham 4, H. Ferrand 0, F. F. Sladin 8, J. Hodgson 4, T. B. Trotter 3, O. P. Holland 7, R. Sheffield (not out) 7, J. F. All on 0, Rev. J. H. Armistead 0, B. Goldsmith 2, G. J. Walker 0, extras 3 total 38. Bollington: T. Pointon 38, W. Armitt 12, W. Green (not out) 2, H. Forreess (not out) 0, extras 2; total (for two wickets) 54. Rain stopped play.

BOLLINGTON 2ND v. BOSWORTH.—At Bollington. Bollington: G. W. Harvey 5, R. Casey 3, J. S. Holbrook 70, W. Watson 2, A. M. Snape 31, W. Ottley not out 8, J. W. Woollam 4, A. Shallcross not out 4, extras 2; total (for six wickets) 125. Rain stopped play.

CRICKET MATCH AT HAZEL GROVE.—A cricket match was played between the Hazel Grove C.C. and the Hazel Grove Tradesmen. The following were the scores:—Hazel Grove C.C.: J. Wood b F. Bann 20, H. E. Daniels b Hallworth 5, F. Hallworth b Roberts 2, A. Burns b F. Bann 2, Roger Moores (captain) b F. Bann 0, J. Marsland b F. Bann 0, R. Moores 6, T. Spilsbury b J. Roberts 3, H. Hallworth b J. Roberts 0, G. Brigh 18, extras 5; total 61. Hazel Grove Tradesmen: T. Moore b Burns 0, J. Roberts b R. Moore 39, A. Harwood c P. Spilsbury b A. Burns 8, Do Bouison b A. Burns 2, J. Hallworth c Marsland b Burns 2, W. Oldham lbw b J. T. Wood 14, F. Bann b R. Moores 1, J. Gosling b Wood 2, T. Wrigley b Daniels 11, H. Bennetts 25, J. Needham 9, extras 7; total 119.

Stockport v. Little Lever.

This match was played at Little Lever in splendid weather and before a large attendance of spectators. A start was not made till quite three o'clock owing to the Stockport men being delayed on the road. The match was set apart for the benefit of Penny, one of the Little Lever professionals, and one who has done splendid service with the ball, this being his first year with them. Stockport still deplored the services of Fred Torkington and one or two others, while Little Lever had their strongest team in the field this season. Little Lever won the toss, and electing to bat sent in Towler and Tyldesley to the bowling of Brown and F. Tyler. Tyldesley had a splendid reception on coming out—a fact due, no doubt, to that player being admitted to the Lancashire County ranks, and it will be remembered that on his second appearance for his county he scored no fewer than 158 not out against Warwickshire. Brown opened to Towler, beating him first ball, and the next ball bowled him leg stump. A. Smith came next, but after scoring six in a wretched fashion Brown upset his wicket. C. Smith, the Lancashire County wicket-keeper, joined Tyldesley, but immediately after Tyldesley was splendidly taken by Bates right on the boundary, and three good wickets were down for seven. Pool came next, and soon began to force matters, hitting Brown out of the ground for four. We may say the ground is a very small one indeed, it being no trouble to get a ball out. Smith seemed content with singles. The score rose steadily, and a change of bowling was tried at 30, Harry May displacing Tyler; the change almost worked immediately, May bowling Pool for a well hit 20. Hallows came next, and got May away to leg nicely for three, but at the other end Brown bowled him with a grand ball, and half the wickets were down for 45 runs. Simon joined Smith; the latter with his score at 15 was missed by Bates at long off. Simon was the next to go, Brown upsetting his wicket. 51—6—0. Knutton followed, and hit up 11 in four hits, but was then beautifully taken by Harold Hartley off Brown. 65—7—11. Northrop came next, and here a little stand was made, Northrop getting May away for three while Smith cut the same bowler for a like number. The score had reached 81 when Brown disturbed Smith's wicket for a lucky innings of 32. A strange coincidence took place during Smith's innings, and one which certainly did not reflect much credit on the Little Lever umpire. W. Hartley, who had displaced May, was bowling his last ball of his second over, Smith hit the ball out to Bates at square leg and was caught, the umpire, in the meantime, saying "over," and when Bates had caught Smith the umpire give it a "no ball," and thus Smith was allowed to proceed with his innings. The end soon came, the innings closing for 91. Sam Brown deserves great credit for his splendid bowling, taking no fewer than eight wickets for 37 runs, hitting the stumps six times, while the other two were caught. Stockport opened their venture in a dreadful bad light, J. Bates and W. Hartley being the first batsmen to face Knutton and Penny. Bates after scoring a single was caught at the wicket. A. Torkington joined his captain, but after scoring five shared the fate of Bates. Brown came next, and hitting one out to Tyldesley was splendidly caught, and three wickets were down for 11 runs. Rain then commenced to fall, and put an end to all further play, and what would have been an interesting finish was spoiled. The Stockport team failed quite up to form. On Saturday next Werneth are down at Cale Green, and this match is set apart for the benefit of Sam Brown and Jim Dimney. As this is one of the best fixtures on the card and a fixture which takes well with the Stockport people, the two "pros." should materially benefit by it. Given a fine day, a grand game is expected. So roll up and assist your old friends. Below are appended the score and analysis:—

Little Lever.
W Towler b Brown 0
J T Tyldesley c Bates b Brown 1
C Smith b Brown 6
C Smith b Brown 22
C J Pool b H May 20
A Simon b Brown 0
J Hallows b Brown 0
C Clegg b Brown 3
Knutt-n c H Hartley b Brown 11
W Northrop not out 18
Fenny run out 13
Extras 2
Total 91

Stockport.
J R Bates c Smith b Penny 1
W Hartley not out 5
A Torkington c Smith b Penny 6
Brown c Tyldesley b Penny 0
H Hartley not out 0
Dimney
F Brewster
F Tyler
F Selby
W Royle and
H May to bat
Extras 0
Total 11

Bowling Analysis.
Little Lever.
O. M. R. W.
Brown 9 3 13 87 8
F Tyler 11 8 18 0
H May 8 2 23 1
W H'ly 5 1 16 0

BRAMALL 1ST v. STOCKPORT 2ND.—At Cale road. This match was abandoned on account of rain. Bilson played a good game. Score:—
BRAMALL.
O P Mason run out 24
A O Hahn b Long 32
H D Mason b Long 4
W Parrish b Marshall 10
G H Mason b Atkinson 28
C P Ritson not out 47
A Smith b Atkinson 7
E P Webb b Atkinson 1
Total 156

BOWLING ANALYSIS.
O. M. R. W.
T Atkinson 22 3 9 42 6
Maclachlan 13 2 43 0
J Robertson 8 1 18 0
F Long 6 3 15 3
H Marshall 3 0 10 1
W Torkington 3 1 7 0
A Royle 1 0 5 0
R Braithwaite 2 0 10 0

CRICKET MATCH AT HAZEL GROVE.

A cricket match was played on the Hazel Grove Cricket Ground at Norbury on Monday afternoon, between Hazel Grove and Poynton. For several years past these two rival clubs have contested for supremacy, and considerable interest was taken in the match. In consequence of the annual Wakes a considerable number of people were enabled to be present and evinced a lively interest in the proceedings. The Hazel Grove Brass Band was in attendance and played lively selections of music during the afternoon. During the earlier part of the afternoon the rain fell in torrents, and it was thought that the match would have to be abandoned. At three o'clock, however, the time fixed for the commencement of the match, the rain cleared off, and was succeeded by brilliant sunshine. Both elevens were fairly representative of the two clubs. Poynton, however, had a strong team, while Hazel Grove were short of the services of Gledhill, Penney, and Wood. The home captain won the toss and elected to bat. Cleaver and Fellows were the first to wield the willow, to the bowling of Rhodes and Clarke. Play was for a time rather dull, runs coming very slowly. Cleaver, the first man in, was neatly caught when he had succeeded in knocking up 8. Fellows' stay was very short, a solitary one falling to his lot; and Standring's career was cut short before he managed to break his duck. Roberts and Penney played well together, the latter especially batting steadily. Roberts, although he played a cautious game, was only successful in obtaining four runs, Wadsworth, with a neat catch, compelling him to relinquish his bat. Only about 30 runs had been scored at four o'clock, while five wickets had fallen, and the prospect for the home eleven began to look rather gloomy. Penney, who was playing a good game, was now partnered by Daniels, who lost no time in breaking his duck, and by united efforts these players speedily succeeded in raising the score marked indicator to 40. Daniels sent a beauty to leg for two, which was speedily followed by a three. His good luck, however, now came to an end, and the next ball took his sticks. The rest of the Hazel Grove team were quickly disposed of. Smith and Clayton were the first to take their stand against the bowling of Standring and Bennett. It was soon evident to the spectators that Poynton's chances of winning were rosy indeed. The Poynton lads batted well, and notwithstanding the good fielding of the homesters, quickly increased the score.
Hazel Grove 53, Poynton 33. The top score for Poynton was 25, made by A. Clayton. W. Bailey came second with 24 to his credit.

CHADLE HULME v. SALE (2ND ELEVENS).—At Chadle Hulme. Sale: W. Counsell 22, W. Street 0, W. Slate 18, A. G. Keyes 7, J. Worthington 12, A. H. Whittle 6, C. H. Counsell 1, B. Ridgway 3, F. J. East 7, G. Leeming not out 13, J. Counsell 0, extras 7; total 94. Chadle Hulme: C. H. Taylor 3, J. Kirk not out 23, R. Smith not out 6, extras 1; total (for one wicket) 33.

KERSAL v. HANOVOR MERSHY.—At Kersal. Score:—Heaton Mersey: A. Ashcroft b Cox 3, W. Mortimer c Moorhouse b Ainley 38, W. Meadows b Cox 6, S. Oldham b Ainley 16, H. Marsden b Moorhouse 2, Standrin b Moorhouse 15, J. Meadows b Moorhouse 0, R. Turner b Ainley 10, J. Hesward b Moorhouse 16, F. Oldham not out 27, A. Collier not out 10, extras 8 total (for nine wickets) 151; innings closed. Kersal: A. W. Bancroft b Standrin 0, L. Cox b Standrin 2, H. W. Moorhouse not out 0, H. B. Lookhart lbw b Standrin 0, extras 5; total (for three wickets) 7. Rain stopped play.

LANCASHIRE-HILL 2ND v. STOCKPORT LADS' CLUB 1ST.—On Lancashire-hill Ground. Lancashire-hill: J. Freeford c Mayers b Coburn 0, J. Lees b Coburn 9, S. Hulley b Kimber 0, W. Campbell b Kimber 2, E. Hallmark b Coburn 0, O. Kershaw c Forrest b Coburn 2, O. H. Lee b Coburn 1, J. Lucas b Coburn 7, Jones run out 3, Cooper not out 3, Higginbotham b Coburn 0, extras 5; total 28. Stockport Lads' Club 1st: A. Mayers not out 11, T. Barnes c Higginbotham b Lee 4, A. Bracshaw b Presford 12, G. A. Heathcote, W. Kimber, J. W. Forrest, T. Coburn, J. Atherton, E. P. Blackshaw, T. Singleton, and J. Whittaker did not bat, extras 2; total (for two wickets) 29. T. Coburn, for the Lads' Club, took seven wickets for four runs.

HANOVER 2ND v. HEYWOOD'S EXCELSIOR 2ND.—On Hanover ground. Score:—Hanover: A. Wood b Porter 25, H. Weaver c and b Rimmer 3, J. W. Weaver b Rowlands 0, Fildes run out 7, Wilson b Porter 2, Penney b Porter 5, Briggs c Wilcocks b Ireland 2, Greenwood not out 0, Anthony Wood c Wilcocks b Ireland 3, Barlow not out 4, extras, 2; total for eight wickets 58. Heywood's Excelsior did not bat. Rain stopped play.
Hanover 1st 49, Heywood's Excelsior 1st 11 for three wickets.

PHOENIX v. MARTINRIGG.—At Reddish. Score:—Phoenix: J. Bidderley not out 18, D. Sidderley not out 55, extras 4; innings declared closed, total 77. Martinrigg: Clucas run out 1, King not out 3, Smith b Newsome 0, total 4. Rain stopped play.

ST. JOSEPH'S (REDDISH) v. ST. THOMAS' (HYDE).—St. Joseph's met St. Thomas' at Hyde on Saturday, the match being a League fixture. The home team went to the wicket first, and were disposed of for 27 runs. St. Joseph's scored 29 for four wickets, thus winning by two runs and six wickets.

STOCKPORT v. GREAT MOOR.—At Poynton. Poynton was seven for two wickets, when the other wickets fell quickly, all being out in 35 minutes. Urmston took eight wickets for three runs. Great Moor was six for two wickets. Rain stopped play at 50 runs. Score:—Poynton: J. Smith b Urmston 7, J. Snape b Urmston 0, D. Birch o and b Marriott 0, W. Bailey b Urmston 0, W. Isherwood b Urmston 0, J. Potts b Urmston 0, C. J. Wadsworth b Urmston 2, S. Smith c & E. Marriott b Urmston 2, E. Potts, c Rawlinson b Urmston 0, W. Besant c Urmston b A. E. Marriott 4; E. Rhodes not out 2, extras 1; total 18. Great Moor: W. Hopwood b J. Potts 5, Alf. Marriott lbw b J. Potts 1, T. Speek c Besant b E. Rhodes 12, A. E. Marriott not out 23, S. J. Marriott not out 9, to bat, H. H. Marriott, D. Kemp, W. Heawood, W. Ellis, W. G. Rawlinson, [T.] Urmston, extras 0; total 50.

NEW MILLS TRADESMEN v. STOCKPORT POST OFFICE.—At Adwood yesterday (Tuesday). Score:—Stockport Post Office: Markland b Grundy 4, Drummond b Grundy 4, Massey b Smith 2, Bagshaw b Grundy 4, Logne b Pollitt 1, Curtis c Wyatt b Grundy 14, J. Speet c Wyatt b Grundy 0, Hill c and b Pollitt 0, Smith lbw b Grundy 2, Webb not out 1, extras 2; total 34. New Mills Tradesmen: Grundy c Bagshawe b Markland 9, Hickey c Bagshawe b Drummond 9, Smith b Markland 0, Pirth b Drummond 5, Pollitt ran out 6, Coverley b Drummond 0, Wyatt c Massey b Markland 7, Hewitt b Markland 0, Wild not out 1, extras 2 total 35.

SALE v. CHADLE HULME.—At Sale. Score—Sale: R. Cookson c Redfern b A B Rome 28, Robinson c Todd b A B Rome 40, O H Benton c Briggs b Redfern 21, J Cookson not out 100, J O Fullalove c Feather b Redfern 0, H W Nicholls b A B Rome 0, Lt O Whittle run out 2, J O Browning c C V Rome b A B Rome 0, F C Wild not out 20, extras 4; total for seven wickets 215. Rain stopped play.

POYNTON UNITED, 24; WOOD LANE (Addington), 16.

POYNTON 2ND v. GREAT MOOR 2ND.—66 for six wickets.