EASTERN DAILY PRESS: THURSDAY 1 AUGUST 1895-2.
CRICKET.
[By our CRICKET EDITOR.]
NOTICES.
Reports of matches, teams for Cup-ties, and other matter requiring insertion in this column should be sent promptly to the Cricket Editor, Museum Court, Norwich, to whom all communications bearing on cricket should be addressed.
Printed forms for newspaper reports of matches may be had free of charge on application.
Correspondents are requested to write only on one side of the paper.
LOCAL FIXTURES.
NORFOLK COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
TO-DAY (Second Day.)
NORFOLK v I. ZINGARI, at Lakenham
INTER-CLUB MATCHES.
TO-DAY.
Sutton Valence Wanderers v Gunton, Gunton Park, first day
Buxton Lamas v Oulton and Blickling, Buxton Lamas
Norwich and London, Captain's Eleven v Vice-Captain's Eleven, Newmarket Road
Archibald (London) v South Yarmouth, Recreation Ground
Coltishall v O E Y M S Second, Coltishall
Guild v Westwick, Newmarket Road
Stanley v Victoria, Newmarket Road
Thorpe Village v Cameron-Wellington, Thorpe
New City v Eaton, Eaton
SATURDAY.
Sutton Valence Wanderers v Bury and West Suffolk, Bury St. Edmund's
Wymondham v St Mark's, Lakenham
Kingsley Second v New City, Eaton
Oarrow v Drayton, Taverham
Brinton v Bayfield, Bayfield
Yarmouth Mechanics v E N H, Yarmouth
Upper Sheringham v Overstrand, Sheringham
Tivetford v Quidenham Park, Thetford
King's Lynn Second v Dersingham, Lynn
Thorpe Hamlet v Calay & Son's, Plomstead Road
Yarmouth Temple v Howlett & White's, Newmarket Road
Lowestoft v Yarmouth B A, Lowestoft
Trowse v Guild, Trowse
Old Catton v Norman & Beard's, Dix's Land
Hethersett v Mulbarton, Hethersett
Yesterday the Zingari scored more freely than they would have done if several of the Norfolk men had had a mind to accept the chances that came to hand. It was disappointing in a measure to see so many opportunities allowed to go a-begging, although the batting of several of the visitors proved very welcome. Spectators—there were but few yesterday—like to see runs scored, and scored fast, not to watch maiden overs, and Sir Timothy O'Brien, in form, is a man after their own heart. The Irishman is one of the freest bats of the present day, and his exhibition against Norfolk, although marred by several chances, was, on a wicket like that of yesterday, a masterly display of sound hitting. He scored 107 out of a total of 265. G. F. Vernon, another mighty Middlesex hitter, was snapped at the wicket before he had time to open his shoulders.
No fewer than eight Norfolk bowlers were tried yesterday. The honours were shared by Shore and the Rev. B. P. Mack, although S. R. B. Cowles and Lake both bowled well. Shore lost several wickets through the slackness and lack of sureness on the part of the fieldsman. It is not encouraging to see one's analysis being spoiled in that way.
Norfolk started badly, losing Cowles and Barratt before a run had been obtained. Captain Buxton, however, made things livelier, and at the call of time the score stood at 45 for three wickets. There is, therefore, a good bit of leeway to make up this morning, and a full day's cricket is assured.
G. F. Vernon may not be disposed of quite so cheaply a second time. It may be worth while re-calling the fact that he is associated with one of the longest partnerships on record, viz., 602, for the second wicket for Orleans Club v. Bickling Green in August, 1882. His partner on that memorable occasion was A. H. Trevor.
The O.E.Y.M.S. came very near to bidding good bye to cup honours this season on Monday. Their score of 155 was all things considered, a fairly good one; and after disposing of six of their opponents for 41, there should not have been room for a tight finish. All the same, it was uncomfortably close for the Churchmen. They had only themselves to blame for it, several of the catches that were missed being very simple things. C. J. Wilshire made a grand effort for his side, and he was ably backed up by Olley and Tunbridge. The last named is a rare sticker, and when the 130 went up with the pair still together, and with three wickets in hand, Yarmouth looked all over winners. The tide turned, however, and the "Initials" secured a nine runs victory.
In the O.E.Y.M.S. score of 155 there were three individual scores of 29. Donald H. Taylor, who opened the batting with Cowles, is an old Norwich Grammar School boy and the youngest member of the cricketing quartet—O. T., A. T., O. F. T. and D. H. T. The two first-named have not taken an active part in the game for several seasons, although both are as keen as ever. The re-appearance of the younger brother is due to a holiday trip, as he has been for some time engaged in the tea planting interest in India.
G. L. Horne and G. G. Healey are mentioned as being in the running for a place in the Church team on Bank Holiday. E. Horne stood out of the last match through illness, and J. J. Smith was away, month, holiday-making, but both men are expected to be available for the final. The four men just mentioned are all "goodun's." Who will make room for them? Jeffrey Smith's bowling is likely to be wanted, especially as Butcher hurt his thumb in the last encounter and could not bowl, and a change was badly wanted.
Can anybody call to mind an instance of a local player scoring 1000 runs in a season for a single club? and what an average! I am now alluding to G. L. Jessop's figures for Beccles College. I had expected something out of the common, but I must confess that I was completely knocked by the figures which appeared in Tuesday E.D.P. Perhaps some of my readers did not see them. They will bear reproducing. Here they are—15 inning, 5 times not out, total runs 1068. Highest score 219 not out, average 132.25. Prodigious! Then look at his bowling! One hundred wickets in 168 overs for 224 runs. Two runs and a piece per wicket. Isn't it wonderful? A wicket every second over; and be good enough to remember that he hit the sticks nearly every time. I like to see the sticks disturbed. One thing I regret very much, and that is I never saw the Gloucester man in any one of his great performances. I hope he will come back to us again, though I have no doubt but that several of our local cricketers are glad enough of the rest.
It is not a little curious that Mr. Jessop should get exactly 100 wickets. Can any Norfolk bowler point to a similar record? I should also like to know why several of the leading papers came out with gushing paragraphs about a ten-wicket bowling feat by the Beccles man against the County Asylum when the report furnished by the school to this paper only credited him with nine? Did Morris bowl Wilson, and, if so, should Jessop's record for the season be 99 wickets instead of 100?
The Lynn Grammar School averages are completely dwarfed by the Beccles figures. The Rev. W. Torpe heads the batting with the useful average of 36, and is also second in the bowling with thirty-three wickets for a trifle under 8 runs per wicket. J. N. Werman rings the changes with the rev. gentleman, gaining top place in the bowling department with 93 wickets for 5½ runs per wicket, and playing second fiddle to his master in batting. Half the matches were won and 9 lost.
I don't suppose any body ever heard of Frank "Grinn" as a captain of Kent County, and yet only one correspondent has pointed out the printer's error. It should of course have been Penn, the Benacre Park representative, and former Kent player.
Notwithstanding the fact that I have several times announced that bowling analyses intended for insertion among the special performances must be sent complete, otherwise no notice will be taken of them, I am constantly having imperfect figures sent in, with a request to include them with the rest. I shall not allude to this matter again. My Diss correspondent cannot have read his cricket-column regularly. The performances, however, are good. F. A. Tripple 8 for 16 against Eye, and Dr. Hetherington 6 for 6 against Diss.
Field Dalling have an unbeaten record. Ten matches played and ten won speaks well for the strength of the club, though I doubt not but that B. R. Page had a big finger in the pie. He is a good all-round man. In the last match of their season he scored 78 runs and secured six wickets for 14. On former occasions he has done equally as well. If I remember rightly, he took part in several of the County trial matches a few years ago. Perhaps he might give a better account of himself this season.
GOOD BOWLING PERFORMANCES.
O. M. R. W.
Shore for NORFOLK v. I. ZINGARIES... 43 2 116 14
White for HERTFORDSHIRE v. NORFOLK... 27 9 45 13
E. R. Page for Field Dalling v. Shering- ham Park... 9 4 14 6
T. Bond for Field Dalling v. Sheringham Park... 8 4 9 9
TROUNSELL for HERTS v. NORFOLK... 15 12 12 8
G. Yell for Y.M.O.A. v. Victoria... 7 1 11 7
J. Goodwyn for Norwich and London v. Westwick... 10 4 18 7
J. C. Nutchey for Oarrow v. Hingham... 8 3 27 10
A. Howlett for Oarrow v. Hingham... 21 8 24 10
H. King for River Road v. Hevingham... 10 4 6 5
J. John, for Silver Road v. Hevingham... 10 4 7 5
E. Lake, for St. Mark's v. Bells Vue... 11 6 7 9