EASTERN DAILY PRESS: MONDAY 19 AUGUST 1895-2.

CRICKET.
[BY OUR CRICKET EDITOR.]

NOTICES:
Reports of matches, teams for Cup-ties, and other matter requiring insertion in this column should be sent promptly to the Cricket Editor, Museum Court, Norwich, to whom all communications bearing on cricket should be addressed.
Printed forms for newspaper reports of matches may be had free of charge on application.
Correspondents are requested to write only on one side of the paper.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
COUNTY MATCH.
WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY.
NORFOLK v. OXFORDSHIRE, AT LAKENHAM.
INTER-CLUB MATCHES.
TUESDAY.
W E Hansell's Eleven v Gunton, Gunton.
WEDNESDAY.
Melton v Holkham, Melton
Hevingham v Oulton and Blickling, Hevingham
E A Massingham's Eleven v Fakenham, Hampton Green
THURSDAY.
Yarmouth R A v C E Y M S, Yarmouth
New City v Eaton, Newmarket Road
Lord Battersea's Eleven v Gunton, Overstrand
Gordon v Unity, Yarmouth
Lowestoft Visitors v County Asylum, Whittingham
Old Catton v Norwich Union, Catton
Westwick v Guild, Newmarket Road
Norwich and London v Y M C A, Newmarket Road
SATURDAY.
Carrow v St Mark's, Lakenham
Carrow Second v Y M C A, Lakenham
Thorpe Hamlet v Teachers, Elmstead Road
Mulbarton v Hethersett, Mulbarton
New City v Surrey Road School, Eaton
R N H v Guild, Lakenham
County Asylum v South Yarmouth, Whittingham
Colishall v Blofield, Blofield
Lowestoft v Decoles Caxton, Lowestoft
South Heigham Institute v Howlett & White's Second, Dir's Land
Yarmouth St Andrew's v Mechanics Second, North Dales
Swaffham v King's Lynn, Swaffham
West Newton v King's Lynn Second, Lynn
Quidenham Park v Diss Second, Quidenham
Diss v Hurry United, Diss
Holt v Upper Sheringham, Holt
Mechanics v Y R A, Barrack Square
Taverham v Kingsley, Lakenham

The Norwich Week of 1895 is now ancient history. Compared with previous festivals, the past week has, from a player's point of view, been a decided success. Two single innings victories have not been obtained in any one of the festivals between 1881 and this present year of grace. For many reasons the fifteenth festival will live long in the memories of those who, like myself, were present on each of the six days. The weather and the cricket were alike phenomenal. The festival was to a great extent spoiled by the weather. Fortunately it improved towards the end, Saturday being, without a doubt, the best day of the Week. During the first three days the actual time devoted to the game was only four hours. Two full days were obtained on Thursday and Friday. It is rather singular that more cricket was played and more gate money obtained on Friday—"ladies' day"—than on any other day of the week.

Deducting the time expended over luncheons and the intervals between the innings, the actual time devoted to the game works out as follows:—
Monday ....... 2 hours 30 minutes.
Tuesday ....... NIL.
Wednesday ..... 1 hour 30 minutes.
Thursday ...... 5 hours 20 minutes.
Friday ........ 6 hours 32 minutes.
Saturday ...... 2 hours 15 minutes.
Making a grand total of 17 hours 5 minutes for six days.

Financially, the Week has been a decided failure. In 1893 the takings amounted to over £70, leaving a balance in favour of the club of £19. In 1894 the expenses were £63, and the receipts £68 3s. This year, owing to the alteration in the date of the festival and the wretched weather, the receipts have fallen to £35 13s. 3d., the takings each day being as under:—
£ s. d.
Monday ............... 6 13 9
Tuesday .............. 0 6 0
Wednesday ............ 5 1 3
Thursday ............. 9 1 6
Friday ............... 11 9 3
Saturday ............. 3 1 6

During the week sixty-eight wickets fell for an aggregate of less than 1000 runs, or an average of about 14 runs per wicket. Norfolk obtained 590 runs for the loss of twenty-eight wickets—average 21.10 per wicket—against their opponents' 360 runs for forty wickets, or an average of 9 runs per wicket.

Forty-five matches have now been played in the course of fifteen festivals, and the home county have been successful on twenty-six occasions, while only six matches have produced an adverse result. Twelve games have been drawn, and one—the Herts match in 1888—resulted in a tie.

Probably the brightest feature of the week was the grand fielding of the home team on Friday morning. On Thursday a great improvement on past performances was noticeable, but it was in the Herts match that the eleven fairly surpassed themselves. During the hour and a-half in which they dismissed the whole of the Herts team on Friday before lunch the bowling and fielding were extremely brilliant. It was equal to anything seen in first-class matches, and no higher compliment than that is needed. In some of the earlier matches this season the ground fielding has left much to be desired, and I am therefore exceedingly glad of the opportunity now afforded of bestowing a modicum of praise. Some of the catches, too, were wonderful in a way. Two of the prettiest efforts were made by the professionals of their own bowling. One was effected by Shore on Thursday afternoon—it closed, in fact, the play for the day, and the other was made by Morley on Friday morning. Herbert Figg put any amount of power into his stroke, and few of the spectators knew where the ball went. Their admiration was great when they were told that Morley had secured the leather with his left hand high in the air.

It is worthy of note that a different player kept wicket in each match. On Monday Mr. Buxton was at the sticks, although only for twenty-five minutes. On Wednesday and Thursday Mr. Blake occupied the position, sending back five men—three stumped and two caught. Mr. Fryer, who donned the gloves for the last match, had a hand in the dismissal of three men, stumping two and catching one.

Several records were established during the Week some have already been mentioned. One or two concern the Norfolk batting. It is a curious fact that Norfolk only batted once in each match, and that on Thursday and Saturday the home innings—the first in each case—was declared closed with nine wickets down. In both cases, too, the second hundred had been passed.

The bowling honours of the Week were shared by Shore and Morley. So little trundling was done in the first match that comment is unnecessary. In the Lincolnshire match Shore secured 11 wickets for 67, and Morley 3 for 42. The Rev. E. P. Mack also obtained 5 for 44. Against Hertfordshire Shore captured 10 for 56, and Morley 7 for 43.

The best and most consistent batting was shown by J. F. Skrimshire, G. B. Raikes, F. Davies, and P. A. Fryer; although the short and merry display of G. F. Blake on Thursday and the more finished exhibition by the Rev. W. F. G. Sandwith on Friday are also worthy of mention.

At Bishop Stortford this season Norfolk failed just as signally as Herts did last week. Norfolk made only 43 and 43. Oddly enough Hertfordshire's total on Friday was 48. But they were batting in a dreadful light. It was open to doubt whether the umpires ought not to have stopped the game.

It is to be regretted that neither J. F. Skrimshire nor F. Davies will be able to assist the County in the match against Oxfordshire at Lakenham on Wednesday and Thursday next. With this exception the team will probably be the same as for the last match, the vacancies being filled by the Rev. J. O. Wilson (Gutton Valence Wanderers and son of the late vicar of St. Stephen's) and the Rev. E. P. Mack.