STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 15 JUNE 1895-3.
tors of six wickets. The Silverdale men had plenty of leather hunting, and were rather fagged when they went to the wickets. Edwards and Bowden proved too much for them, the former taking six wickets and the latter four. The visitors were all out for 31. The bowling analysis reads:—Edwards, 8.2 overs, 14 runs, 6 wickets, 2 maidens; Bowden, 8 overs, 16 runs, 4 wickets.
The Second Team went to Tunstall to meet the Tunstall Mission. The Mission batted first, but could do nothing against the deliveries of Bourne and Phillips, and were all out for 14 runs, Bourne taking six wickets, and Phillips doing the hat trick. Sawyers made 16 for our side, and we finally reached 76 runs, of which Anyon made 10, Morley 14, and Bourne IX.
CLOUGH HALL.
Another defeat of the club resulted from Saturday's effort, when the opposition were Stone team, who batted first, and put up a score of 90, to which Mountford contributed 40, when he was finely caught at long field by Larmouth. Price was not disposed of until he had made 25, but the other batsmen made but a poor show. The fielding of Clough was good, only 1 extra being scored against them, but the batting of the team was a poor show, the wickets falling for 35 runs only.
The Thursday team was again victorious when opposed to Crewe Post-office. Colclough, Warburton, and Thomis handled the willow effectively, and when six wickets had fallen 80 runs had been made. Warburton also bowled destructively, taking seven wickets for 13 runs. The innings of Clough Hall closed for 84 runs, so that the later batsmen were readily disposed of. For the visiting team, Redfern was the only batsman to make a double number. Clough again fielded well, and showed a marked improvement upon their earlier efforts in the season.
CLUB AND GROUND.
Matches between the Club and Ground and Leek have, as a rule, been interesting events, and last Saturday's game was no exception. Leek brought a good side, and winning the toss took first innings. Their start was poor one, Bruns received Mayer's first ball on his head, and the next was played by Heaton, who had no difficulty in catching Bruns' retirement. Dr. McCall was given run out (a doubtful decision), and Bacon was soon disposed of. The partnership of Kirkby and Cantrill improved matters, the score being taken from 12 to 54. This total was on the board for five wickets, and as the venture realized 130 it will easily be understood that the last half of the team did better than the first. Kirkby made the most valuable stand of the day, and although a chance was given after he had scored a couple, his innings was a good one. The catch which caused his departure was a brilliant effort on the part of Edwards, and might easily have been missed without a word of complaint. Taken all through the innings of the home side can only be put down as fair to middling. At least twenty runs were given away, and these, as events turned out, would have won the match. The home side were first represented by Messrs. Heaton and Dawson, who, after the first few overs, commenced to force the game, the former being the most active, and scoring at the rate of 5 to 1 by his partner, who, however, improved with a new colleague. Runs came fast until Dawson was badly run out, and the two next wickets only added a single to the total. The arrival of the popular Big Jim completely altered the complexion of the game. Crallon and Billingsley hit hard and often, and demoralised the fielders to such an extent that the game appeared practically won: 70, 80, and 90 were rapidly telegraphed, and the enthusiasm of the spectators rose accordingly, and 14 runs in three hits by the latter was hardly cheered. The turn of events caused a consultation in the Leek camp, and a change of tactics was adopted. A double change of bowling was made, which resulted in a separation of the big hitters, Billingsley being bowled by Wardle. There was still a chance to hit off the runs before time arrived, but this was not accomplished owing to the "killing time" movements of the fielders, and stumps were drawn when only 11 runs were required and three wickets to fall. From a disinterested point of view a draw was a fitting result, the teams being so evenly matched, but disinterestedness does not enter into the calculations of League teams, and the Club and Ground spectators argued that Leek acted in an unsportsmanlike manner. Leek are no better or worse than other teams. The time wasted would have permitted at least two more overs to have been delivered, and it is quite possible that the runs, and with them a win, would have been made.
N A N T W I C H.
The first meeting this season of Nantwich and Tunstall took place on the ground of the latter, before a big crowd, and the game was brimful of excitement from the start till the home team's total of 91 was passed. Without such men as Cartwright, W. Bullock, and W. H. Davies, the crack wicket keeper, there was no certainty about defeating the homesters on their own ground, for they had only tasted defeat once before this season. Our captain winning the toss, elected to take the field, and disposed of the home eleven for 91. Mattock (36), Hopkin (17), and Waller (11) were chiefly responsible for this total. Extras came next with 9, leaving 18 to divide amongst the remaining eight batsmen. Hollowood and Stevenson started slowly, and the score was 19 when the latter was bowled by Gazer. Freeman thought he would not alter matters, and gave way to Roberts who did likewise, for the first and ball proved fatal. T. Bullock was next on the scene, and damped down the enthusiasm of the crowd. Carefully and truly each ball was watched, both batsmen displaying fine cricket. From 19 to 72 the total was raised, when Bullock was caught for a carefully compiled 19, which was useful, too, after the past events. Hinde, who has done so well with the second eleven, failed to score, but Clarke and Johnson rendered Hollowood valuable assistance, both adding 19 each. Time was called with the score at 145, for seven wickets, Hollowood coming in for a round of applause from the crowd for his admirable display. Going in first, he carried his bat out for 65. It will, no doubt, be remembered that he turned up 40 (not out) last year, making a total of 105, so it seems he must have a great liking for the Tunstall ground.
Nantwich Second eleven have not yet been beaten this season. They were in danger, however, when Tunstall Second paid a visit. The home side had to fill vacancies caused by sickness of the first team, and were very much weakened. The Nantwich Juniors fielded badly, and allowed the visitors to make 117. The score would have been much less had the chances that were offered been accepted. Tunstall were much smarter in the field, and when six wickets had fallen for 77 runs, Nantwich began to think of excuses for what trusted to be their first downfall. The seventh wicket helped the score on to 95, H. Hall and Bullock, jun., playing in capital style. Every delivery was counted carefully by the crowd, who manifested much excitement. The eighth wicket fell at 109, and the ninth at 112. The last comer was a raw recruit, a left-hander, who was hardly expected to be able to keep up his wicket at such a critical moment. He kept it up manfully. In the next over his partner made a single. Four was now wanted for a tie, and 5 for victory. The excitement was so strong that an extra ball in the over at this youth was overlooked. He snicked it to the boundary, and the fact that the scores were thus made equal was emphasised with a great shout. The winning stroke was made in the next over, and the crowd was delighted.
Reaseheath have been busy during the past week. They journeyed to Audley on Wednesday, when the homesters batted first and put together 90. H. Shenton and G. Hinde responded for the visitors, and were at the crease for over an hour. The last named was the first to leave with 32 to his credit. The board read "110 for three," and the visitors gained a handsome victory with seven wickets to spare.
Saturday saw them at Audlem, and the match resulted in a draw, each side scoring 32. The visitors complain of the umpire's decision in ruling one of their men out, who only for this error would have won.
On Wednesday the "A" Team accomplished a smart performance against Chelford. The home team (Nantwich) batted first, and put on over 200 runs for four wickets. J. Whittingham made 68, A. Holewood 48, T. Roberts 31, H. Pearman 31, and J. S. Harding and C. Hassall also got into double figures. Chelford were all disposed of for 130 runs, the home team gaining an easy victory.
L E E K.
There were no first team matches played in Leek on Saturday. Leek were away at Stoke, and Leek Highfield were engaged at Derby.
Leek Club compiled a very respectable score at Stoke against the Club, thanks to a large extent to Kirby, who now seems to have lost his shyness and to have come out in his true form. He has been a very unfortunate player for the past two seasons, and on Saturday when he had obtained 19 an injury to his leg compelled him to retire. The Leek bowling was severely handicapped through the injury to Kirby.
Leek Second played Crewe Athletic on Saturday on the Leek ground. The visitors were short of two men, having to find substitutes on the ground. The Leek team batted first, and mainly through the contributions of Messrs. W. H. Eaton, J. Williamson, W. A. L. Hammersley, and C. Goodwin, who all obtained double figures, the score was taken up to 93. The Crewe team replied with 60, Dr. Hammersley being responsible for the collapse of the visitors innings. He obtained seven of the wickets at a little cost. Broady for the visitors played the best, obtaining 19 runs.
Leek Highfield had a very strong team on Saturday, playing at Derby against the Constitutional. This team includes some very strong and well known cricketers including Marshall, Widdowson, Wilders, Hemingway, and Redfern. These players have been identified with cricket in Derby for a long time. The home team batted first, and then gave the visitors a taste of leather hunting, scoring 170 for seven wickets, the innings at that point being declared closed. Redfern was responsible for 34, Wilders 62 not out, and Hemingway 37 not out. Bagshaw took two wickets for 42, Armstrong 60, and J. Stonesbrower one for 35. Leek replied with 72 for eight wickets. The old veteran, of whom it was stated a week or two ago that there was no cricket left in him, proved on Saturday that the statement was untrue, for he hit 34 in grand style off first-rate bowling, and he is to be congratulated on his performance. The professional was unfortunate in being run out. The captain of the team, Mr. Tripper, met with an accident before the game commenced which practically placed him hors de combat. He was in the pavilion, when a ball was sent into it with great force by a batsman at practice, and it struck him above the eye.
Leek Highfield Second and Oak Grove did not do much to the run getting line on Saturday, Oak Grove obtaining 25 runs and Highfield replying with 31. The bowling on both sides was very good. Broader for the Leek team obtaining three wickets for 15, and Bishop six for 9. On the Oak Grove side Simpson obtained six for 12, and Moffatt three for 18.
The match of the day was between the Church Club and Bucknall Church, and it was surprising that there were not more spectators down to pass a most enjoyable afternoon. The visitors arrived very late, and the spectators interested themselves in the meantime in watching the golfing on this 100 acre enclosure.
When Bucknall had arrived it was nearly four o'clock, and they could not have hurried themselves on the way. One of the horsemen, on finding itself on such an immense field, got terrified, and dashed away with the cart and boy. Fortunately the boy only met with a shaking, when he fell off, and the horse, finding it was on a racecourse, gave in. Leek Church batted first, and they made a good start, although the visitors had with them the successful bowler Herriford. The innings realised 93 to which Messrs. Matthews, Hawes, and Critchlow contributed double figures. The captain was unfortunately run out, or the score would have been decidedly larger, for he was in good form. The visitors replied with 79 for six wickets. Some of the Church Club players have bad judgment; at times they watch the ball too much instead of getting to their wickets.
B U R S L E M.
(By 'LONGSTOP'.)
The B.P.—Please yourselves whether you take it as the British Public or the Burslem ditto—will not be trifled with. The failure of Burslem against Silverdale on Whit Monday had a marked effect on the "gate" last Saturday, when the collection was the lowest on record for the season. It was a deserving punishment, B.P., and the penalty has been paid. Look over it now, and let bygones be bygones. Turn up in your thousands at the next match at home when we meet Crewe, and I, a free-holder of my rnils and blowing shall be yours.
Norton came onto on Saturday last, and our hearts went out unto them, for we absolutely yearned for a brace of points. The sequel will show that we got them easily enough. We won the toss and "Grandpa" did what he ought always to do with it. I had then a little argument with our skipper, Mr. Woodall, who believes in putting opponents in. So do I. In by all means, but in the hole. When I used to play on Wolstanton Marsh with a wicket made of a chain link of wood, three second hand bricks, I used to put my mate in so that I could see what I had to go against. I think I know better now.
Well, after a few moments' careful consideration re the winning of the toss, mainly as to whether it was better boiled, baked, or roasted, "Tommy" elected to bat. Lemm and "W. G." in tinsel the proceedings, and as they walked out of the pavilion, glived and padded, I connected my soul to the hope that they would not come back in a hurry. However, at 11 one was taken and the other left, "W. G." spinning a ball to deep leg that he ought to have sent over the Cobridge-road wall. Hulme followed in with Lemm, who was playing in his best style, soon collared the bowling. At 32, however, we had to go in mourning for Lemm who was taken by Massey in the slip. Mr. Brownfield—the hat and capless one—succeeded, and from the first he gave the bowlers no quarter. His first 22 was made by sight 3's, and when at last his white-robed adviser told him he had had enough, his score of 32 only contained one single. Hulme had also run his race, his score of 22 being the outcome of vigorous cricket. The 10 was left-hander in mere seconds, and his 10 was the result of play that was not at all up to his usual form. 88—4—10 was up now, and, at this point, the innings got a bit on the wobble, four going for 3 runs.
Mankin ran himself out rather badly. He hit a ball and started to run. Booth from the other end started also. They both stopped, seeming to remember something they had forgotten, and with a I-beg-your-pardon thought it was-somebody-else look on their faces they hurried home, but when Meakin got there the door was locked, and another wicket had been sacrificed. D. B. Ellis and Booth, however, contributed the humour of the innings. Becoming associated at 95 they carried the total to 137, when Booth was snapped up at the wicket, and the innings was declared closed, "Tommy" wisely reserving his 50 for an occasion when it was better wanted.
I had thought of writing a nice little letter to Ellis, who I am glad to congratulate on his innings. As I am old enough to be his dad he will forgive me for pointing out his great fault. He is no judge of a run. If his intention at the wickets had been to give me the jim-jams he was absolutely successful, for he worried me until I felt as grey as Oliver. Oh, why Ellis, when you have only played the ball slowly to point with a stroke as mild as the tap of a fond mother on the head of her two-year-old baby, when she finds his dirty fingers in the new pound of butter that was meant for company, oh why, my dear fellow, why run? His 19 not out, however, was well got, and with this one big fault removed he will develop into a player that will make himself very useful to the B.C.C.
The innings played by Norton was a very tame one indeed. The first ball took Beckwith, and from that delivery to the last the land was very little varied. Not a semblance of a stand was made by anyone, and no one got into double figures, the highest scorers being Simpson and G. Garner, who subscribed 9 each. In the bowling department Hulme came out best, taking four wickets for 9 runs, while Brown, who took the remaining wickets, was comparatively expensive. Hulme's bowling at the present time is very successful, his last nineteen wickets having been obtained at a cost of 51 runs. I am glad to notice the prizes that he has won in consequence of his clever feat at Stoke a fortnight ago.
To-day we sniff the bracing air of the Leek hills. Going to Leek is always a pleasurable occupation for the Burslem team, but the journey home depends a good deal upon circumstances.
S I L V E R D A L E.
(By THE G.C.O.L.M.)
LIVE AND LEARN.
The latter end of the nineteenth century has seen many innovations. It seems now-a-days that a thing need only to be well understood, and to have lived through ages of criticism, for the reformer to commence his so-called improvement on it.
Silverdale won the toss on Saturday, and sent in Crewe to bat, on a fast, true wicket, but which was so dry that it was bound to crumble before the afternoon was over. I wish to have my grumble here and have done with it. As a matter of policy it was wholly wrong. The Crewe captain made this act fashionable last year, but all the captains in the world will never make it sensible, except under very rare conditions, or against very weak elevens. The result was the wicket played as true as a die while Crewe were in, but after the fall of the first two or three Silverdale wickets, Fenn made the ball simply talk.
Crewe were late in beginning, but as the end proved had plenty of time. Osborne and Lyon opened the innings to the bowling of Deason and Lightfoot. Query—Why Deason? Experiment No. 2. One run came from the first over, and then Master Lightfoot began to caper about like a cat in pain. Experiment No. 3. Luckily it only lasted one over, but the experiment which it has been represented that he should bowl better with