STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895 - 1.

NORTON v. SILVERDALE.
(LEAGUE—1ST DIVISION.)

Silverdale, who defeated Norton in their first match of the present season, visited the Ford Green ground for the return fixture this afternoon. The visitors were badly without the services of Burroughs, and Norton were short of Simpson and Sherwin. It was beautiful cricketing weather when a start was made at about a quarter before three, the heavy clouds which had gathered the sky having to a very large extent cleared away. The visitors went in first, Calkin and P. P. Reynolds facing the bowling of Massey and Beckwith. Runs at first came slowly, singles only being registered during the first few overs. Then Calkin put on a pair, which he followed up by hitting nicely to the boundary for 4. When he had put on another single, however, he was bowled off his pad. The total then stood at 5, of which he had contributed two thirds. T. Young took his place, and one run later Reynolds was caught in the slips by Beckwith. Young was now joined by T. Ellams, who opened promisingly, following up a nice pair with a 3. But he could not last, and before he had added anything further he fell a victim to Beckwith's bowling, the board then recording 23 for three wickets. W. Fillerton, who acted as sub for the absentees, was Young's next partner. In a few minutes the latter gave a chance by skying a ball to W. Boulton, but it slipped through the fielder's fingers, and the batsman remained at the post. The partnership, however, was not destined to remain long intact. The separation came at 29, at which the substitute was given out leg before to Beckwith. He was succeeded by P. Ellams, and immediately afterwards Young gave another easy chance, which was again allowed to slip by. Still another followed, and was likewise not taken advantage of. If a partner was not allowed an easy getaway, for when he had contributed two singles he was sent back to the pavilion by Massey. G. P. Street was next in. The new comer opened well by hitting Massey over the fence for 4, but with the next delivery two balls were scattered by the same bowler. J. P. Ellams was the next, and as events proved the last, to join Young. The partnership was of very short duration, for without any alteration having been made in the score—the sixth and seventh wickets falling for 42—Young was caught at mid-off by Leese. Two runs later his partner was caught and bowled by Massey. R. S. Young, J. E. Challinor, and J. Lightfoot were the remaining batsmen, and the innings closed for 43. Massey took the last four wickets with five successive balls. His average showed seven wickets for 29 runs and Beckwith took three for 10.

The home innings was opened at 4 19 by A. Leese and J. Latham. W. H. Calkin headed the attack from the Smallthorne end. Latham drove his first to the boundary for a pair, but with the next delivery but one the batsman was bowled off his pads. (One wicket for two.) Beckwith took his place, and the remaining two balls of the over had no effect. Lightfoot ran on at the other end, and his initial over likewise resulted in two runs being placed to the credit of Norton. The next change came at 5, when Beckwith was sent back by Lightfoot, C. Massey taking his place. A couple of runs were only had been added, when Leese skied a ball to Street at cover-point, and had also to return to the pavilion.

SILVERDALE.
Calkin, b Massey ... 10
P P Reynolds, c Beckwith, b Massey ... 4
T Young, c Leese, b Beckwith ... 12
T Ellams, b Beckwith ... 5
W Fillerton, l b w, b Beckwith ... 1
P Ellams, b Massey ... 2
G P Street, b Massey ... 4
J P Ellams, c and b Massey ... 0
R S Young, c O Hallsbroof, b Massey ... 0
J C Challinor, b Massey ... 0
J Lightfoot, not out ... 1
Extras ... 4
Total ... 43

NORTON.
A Leese, c Street, b Calkin ... 5
J Latham, b Calkin ... 2
Beckwith, b Lightfoot ... 2
C Massey, b Lightfoot ... 8
W Boulton, l b w, b Lightfoot ... 10
G Holdcroft, not out ... 2
G Mellars, c Fillerton, b Calkin ... 1
J W Deane, b Calkin ... 0
T Smith, not out ... 0
Extras ... 5
Total ... 35

LEEK v. FENTON.
LEAGUE—1ST DIVISION.

The return fixture between the clubs was kept at Leek to-day, before a good number of spectators. The home team won the toss, and batted first. Fenton was short of a player. Dr. Heasman and Wright were first at the wickets, the bowlers being Docking and Briscoe. The doctor placed the first ball off Docking to leg for a couple. Briscoe opened with a maiden, 10 being soon transcribed. Wright hit Docking to leg for a full run. Heasman was the first out, being caught by Harris, off Briscoe at long field, with the total at 19. Sheldon then took Docking's place. Wright called a risky run, but he just managed it. After two couples by Cantrill 20 was shown. Turner went on, displacing Sheldon, and Cantrill sent his fifth ball for a 4, but in the next over he clean bowled Wright. The professional took his place, and in the first over he was caught from a foolish stroke. The captain joined Cantrill, the former being bowled the next ball, the fourth wicket falling at 29. Vickarstaff opened with a single. Wardle was out next ball. Wardle hit Briscoe to the boundary for 4, sending up 50. The next 10 were soon obtained, Briscoe then dismissing Wardle with a bailer.

LEEK.
Dr Heasman, c Harris, b Briscoe ... 9
H Wright, b Turner ... 16
B Cantrill, b Briscoe ... 11
Rickby, c and b Turner ... 0
O C Wardle, c Halliwell, b Briscoe ... 0
W T Vickarstaff, c Sheldon, b Briscoe ... 21
A D Wardle, b Briscoe ... 11
W H Bacon, b Briscoe ... 8
J Lowe, b Briscoe ... 2
W H Baker, c Loratt, b Harris ... 5
J Williamson, not out ... 0
Extras ... 4
Total ... 86

FENTON.
J Turner, not out ... 26
G Merritt, b A H Wardle ... 4
G Averill, c C O Wardle, b A H Wardle ... 4
J Sandland, b A H Wardle ... 0
W Halliwell, not out ... 19
Extras ... 1
Total ... 52

PORTHILL v. NANTWICH.
(LEAGUE—1ST DIVISION.)

Nantwich, who share with Silverdale the distinction of having beaten Porthill, visited the Park Lane afternoon for the purpose of playing the return match with the present leaders of the League. Both teams were well represented. The weather was chilly and threatening, and there were not many spectators present when, at 2 55, Porthill turned out to find the visitors having won the toss. Nantwich, who were short of Hassall, sent in Davies and Stevenson to face the d.iveries of Bennett and W. S. White. Four overs only produced one run, and the most noticeable things were pieces of smart fielding by Bateman, Bonnett, and King. Four runs had been scored when Davies was badly run out, Stevenson declining to move from his wicket, although there was a good run. Carterwright succeeded, and scored the first couple in the match, White being the bowler. Play was slow, the bowling being first-class, and 8 only was reached when Stevenson, who had never seemed comfortable, fell to a ball from Bennett, which came in off his pads. Hollwood received an ovation on walking to the wicket, and great things were expected of him. He scored 76 against Warwickshire yesterday. Cartwright drove White for a single, and then Hollowood received his first ball. He ran in front of his wicket, and was out leg before wicket, the decision being received with much applause from the spectators, who were not fairly numerous. Three men out, including Hollowood, for 9 runs looked ray for Porthill. W. Bullock, who was in next, infused more life into the game, hitting the amateur for 4—a beautiful stroke—and 3 runs for an overthrow—lost on facing Bennett he received marching orders, being bowled first ball, and four wickets were down for 16. The vacancy was filled by Roberts, and runs came more freely, White coming in for most punishment. Thirty was hit after forty minutes play, and then followed a sensational over off White. Cartwright was missed by Hollwood, who was fielding on the boundary, and 4 resulted. The next ball the batsman again sent for 4, but in trying to take a third time he was well caught by Walker. He had made 17 by good cricket, and the partnership had yielded 25 runs. T. Bullock had a very brief stay, and 42 had only been reached when the sixth wicket fell. Sparman was next man in, but soon lost his partner, who had been in a long time for his runs. Seven wickets were down for 42. Pearson and Clarke added 9 runs, and caused a change of bowling, Walker superseding White, before the latter was well caught by Bateman. With J. Johnson in White resumed, and shared the remaining wickets with the professionals. The venture closed for the small total of 56, having lasted an hour and 22 minutes. Bennett's five wickets cost 13, while White had 32 runs hit off him.

At twenty minutes to five o'clock S. W. Dean and King started batting for Porthill, to the bowling of Johnson and Clarke. A poor beginning was made, as with the score at 4, the amateur was caught at mid-off from Clarke. H. P. Wood succeeded, and 3 more runs were scored, when a shower, fortunately of brief duration, stopped the play for a few minutes. Twenty was soon reached, and at this point Roberts relieved Johnson, and Pearson went on at the other end. Two runs later the first-named's deliveries proved very acceptable to Wood.

NANTWICH.
H O Stevenson, b Bennett ... 3
W H Davies, run out ... 2
W Cartwright, c Walker, b White ... 17
A Hollowood, l b w, b White ... 0
W Bullock, b Bennett ... 7
J W T Roberts, b White ... 11
T Bullock, b Walker ... 0
H Pearman, b White ... 11
T Clarke, c Bateman, b Bennett ... 3
J Johnson, c White, b Bateman ... 0
H Crawford, not out ... 0
Extras ... 2
Total ... 56

PORTHILL.
S W Dean, c Pearman, b Clarke ... 5
King, not out ... 21
H P Wood, not out ... 35
Extras ... 4
Total ... 64
Stumps drawn.

FENTON II. v. HANLEY Y.M.C.A.

A match between these teams was played on the Fenton ground, this afternoon. There was the usual small number of spectators present. Both sides played twelve men. The visitors were the first to go to the wickets, J. Barkley and E. Hardwicke sharing the attack of G. Boullmier and T. Harper. Run getting was slow at the start, and only 4 had been scored when Hardwicke resigned, and 2 only had been added when Barkley was bowled. For the addition of half-a-dozen runs two wickets fell, and at 12 Hardwicke resumed his innings after Curzon had been clean-bowled by Harper. Wickets still fell rapidly, Boullmier at 14 bowling two with successive balls. Two more wickets fell at 15 and 18 respectively, but Steele and Hardwicke carried the score to 28 before the former was out to a good catch by Roberts. At this total a change of bowling was tried, which proved effective Boothstone relieving Harper, and the remaining wickets were secured with the addition of 1 run. Boullmier took six wickets for 12 runs. Fenton commenced batting at 4 30.

HANLEY Y.M.C.A.
J Barkley, b Boullmier ... 3
E Hardwicke, b Harper ... 0
T Lowe, b Boullmier ... 3
J Ravenscroft, b Boullmier ... 4
E J Curzon, b Harper ... 0
J Walton, at Twyford, b Boullmier ... 0
O Steele, c Roberts, b Boullmier ... 8
J Slack, c Twyford, b Boullmier ... 0
H Hardwicke, b Boullmier ... 3
P Hanishton, b Boothstone ... 0
Match, b Boothstone ... 0
G Local, not out ... 0
Extras ... 7
Total ... 29

FENTON II.
W Wright, not out ... 13
J Josey, b Lowe ... 0
G S Roberts, b Lowe ... 0
T W Jones, b Lowe ... 3
A Winks, b Steele ... 3
A Birks, not out ... 3
Extras ... 9
Total ... 31

TUNSTALL v. CREWE.
(LEAGUE—1ST DIVISION.)
TUNSTALL WIN BY EIGHT RUNS.

The last League match of the season at Tunstall was played this afternoon, when Crewe, who by dint of late fallen from their proud position as champions of the League. Both teams were well represented, considering that the seaside is to the average man however enthusiastic he be at the summer game, far more tempting than the cricket pitch. Tunstall won the toss and batted first on a wicket which soon expressed a sympathy with the bowlers. A. F. Jones and Mattock (pro)—previously batting to the bowling of Penn and Price. The game was fairly smart at the start, both batsmen playing carefully, but just after the total 10 had been hoisted Mattock was bowled by Penn. (11—1—4.) V. Stede, who followed, got his leg in front of a straight ball from the other trundler with one added. (12—2—0.) A. V. Walker and Jones took the score by pretty batting to 21, but then Jones, who had made some very nice strokes was bowled off his pads. (21—3—13.) A. Horne came next, and after he had contributed two pretty strokes, he was well caught at short slip. (30—4—7.) After this wickets fell rapidly, and there was little to encourage any hopes of victory for their side, which the Tunstall spectators, who had not gathered in very large numbers may have held out. The Crewe bowling and fielding was excellent. After Horne had left, the wickets fell at 33, 37, 44, and 54. Then the last man C. Howers, and G. Buckley joined with great caution. Buckley initiated this by driving Price over the rails for a quarter—the second of the match—Horne having in his innings treated the same bowler in a similar manner. At 55, however, Buckley was bowled by Price, and the innings closed, having lasted an hour and five minutes. Penn took six wickets for 25 runs, and Price took three wickets for 28. Crewe commenced their too formidable task with Osburn and Fleet, Gater and Mattock batting. The Crewe captain opened the scoring by getting Gater to leg for a trip, and Fleet served the same bowler in a like way. Then Fleet brought the 10 up with a lofty hit to leg for 4 off Mattock. Fleet followed this by snicking the same bowler to leg for a couple. The next ball, however, was too good for him, and he retired with his middle stump upset. (14—1—9.) Price joined his skipper, but with 2 runs added Mattock bowled the new-comer off his pads. Payne filled the vacancy, and some sharp runs were accomplished, bringing 20 up after as many minutes. At this point of the proceedings rain began to fall heavily, and spectators and players alike ran for shelter. The shower was of short duration, and game and ground did not suffer much in consequence. The returning Osburne cut Gater for 3. Immediately afterwards Payne was missed from a jolly chance at mid off by Beesle off Gater, but the fielder made no mistake with a catch which was given him by the same batsman off Mattock a few balls later. (3—35—4.) So far it it had appeared as though Crewe would win with something to spare, but at this period a change came over the game. Mattock, aided by a bad wicket, was doing wonderfully well with the ball. Dutton, who was doing fairly well with the ball. Payne jumped out too a low ball from the pro., and paid the penalty, and Osborne was bowled by Mattock. R. Penn was smartly caught at mid on by Riley off Mattock, who with the next ball bowled Sheard. (8—54—0.) Mattock did the hat trick. Meadows came in and his stumps were uprooted first ball. G. Henshall, the last man, came in. Crewe wanted 10 runs to win. Henshall snicked a couple. Gater sent down a maiden, every ball of which was watched with the keenest interest. Mattock took the ball again, and from the last ball of the over Riley was caught at the wicket. Tunstall thus won by 8 runs. The victory was entirely due to the splendid bowling of Mattock, who took the whole ten wickets for 16 runs, his analysis reading as follows :—13 overs, 7 maidens, 16 runs, 10 wickets. A collection which realised a considerable sum was made on the ground for him.

TUNSTALL.
A E Jones, b Price ... 13
Mattock, b Penn ... 4
W H Stede, l b w, b Price ... 0
A V Walker, c Meadows, b Penn ... 5
A Horne, c Payne, b Penn ... 7
H Hopkins, c Osborne, b Penn ... 0
W Crabtree, b Penn ... 8
Gater, run out ... 2
C Howers, not out ... 4
G Buckley, b Price ... 3
Extras ... 12
Total ... 55

CREWE.
F Osborne, b Mattock ... 16
B Fleet, b Mattock ... 9
G Price, b Mattock ... 2
F Payne, c Beesle, b Mattock ... 8
W H Lyon, b Mattock ... 0
T Dutton, c Jones, b Mattock ... 0
R Penn, c Riley, b Mattock ... 10
S Riley, c Gater, b Mattock ... 0
C Sherratt, b Mattock ... 0
J Meadows, b Mattock ... 0
G Henshall, not out ... 2
Extras ... 4
Total ... 55

BOWLING ANALYSIS.
CREWE.
Overs. Maidens. Runs. Wickets.
B Penn ... 14 ... 5 ... 25 ... 6
G Price ... 13 1/2 ... 5 ... 28 ... 3