OXFORD TIMES: SATURDAY 29 JUNE 1895-2
SPORTING NOTES.
OXFORD CITY CRICKET CLUB COLTS' MATCH.
A match between the 1st XI. and 22 colts of Oxford and district will be played on the Hertford ground Monday and Tuesday, July 8th and 9th, commencing each day at 1.30. Names of those wishing to play for the Colts should be sent not later than July 3rd to the hon. secretary, 6, Merton-street.
[BY THE CAPTAIN.]
THURSDAY.
Another cricket record has been broken during the last three days and the 'Varsity have had a big hand in the performance. Tall scoring has long been connected with the name of Sussex, and the three previous highest aggregates, 1,402, 1,344, and 1,293, in first-class English cricket had all been made in matches with Sussex. In the present instance no less than 1,410 runs were scored for the loss of 28 wickets, Oxford in one innings contributing 651; indeed, had the match been played out there is little doubt that the Dark Blues would have won easily, for Sussex had only two more wickets to fall in their second innings and were but 103 runs to the good when stumps were drawn.
Sussex made a sensational start in the match, as their first two batsmen, Marlow and the old Oxonian, G. L. Wilson, put on over 300 runs for the first wicket. The rest of the team, however, did not make as much of this start as might have been expected and the innings ultimately closed for 487. With such a mighty total against them it would have been excusable if the 'Varsity had not done themselves justice, but such did not prove to be the case, for Fry and Warner made an excellent start. Foster saw Fry complete his 100 and put on 79 for himself, and then Mordaunt eclipsed all that had gone before by compiling the magnificent score of 234 not out. He was at the wickets four hours and a half, hit forty 4's, and never gave a real chance. Sussex did not fare anything like so well in their second venture, and had it not been for a grand unblemished innings of 137 not out by Ranjitsinhji would probably have suffered defeat. Cauliffe was mainly responsible for the rapid downfall of the wickets, for he took 6 wickets for 62, and in the whole match captured 10 for 185, a really grand performance in such a heavy scoring game. In the bowling Leveson-Gower's 4 for 79 in the first innings also deserves mention.
Oxfordshire had decidedly the best of it in their opening encounter with Worcestershire on Monday and Tuesday last, as at the end, with 4 wickets against 5, they were 88 runs to the good. The home team were suffering under the disadvantage of playing two or three men who had very little practice this season. I refer more especially to Gmelin and Day, who will doubtless give a much better account of themselves later on. Certainly, the former was by no means useless, and his 29 in the second innings especially was very valuable, but he would probably have shown more punishing power in the first venture had he been in better practice.
It was a great treat to see Case hitting away with such vigour and confidence, and his innings of 71 was well worth seeing. Among the new men W. Smith made a most successful début, scoring 62 and 37 not out, and will be sure to get a further trial, while the only other batsman to do anything of note was Arnold, who batted consistently for 52 and 30. The batting on the whole, though, was in some respects hardly up to county form. For instance, one hardly expects to see county players running away from the bowling as some of the men did. The brunt of the bowling, as usual, fell on the brothers Rogers, though it was satisfactory to find Case proving so successful.
The only batsman on the visiting side who showed much form was G. E. Bromley-Martin, who obtained 44 and 34 not out by means of good cricket. Simpson and Arnold, however, contributed useful scores in both innings. The bowling honours were evenly distributed, though Raynor and Millward were slightly more successful than the rest, and Arnold had the curious analysis of one over for 2 wickets and 2 runs. The home fielding was good, and Hadham deserves praise for some excellent wicket-keeping.
The Thame C.C. had a busy time last week, having practically three matches on three successive days, for Mr. C. H. Hull's XI. was mostly composed of Thame club men. Unfortunately they did not prove successful in any of the matches, as they were beaten by Jesus College by six runs, Cowley Barracks beat Mr. Hull's XI. by 80 runs, and Mr. Bosworth-Smith's XI. beat Thame by 33. Nevertheless in the last-mentioned match the town has no right at any rate to feel dissatisfied with its performance, for the visiting eleven was a very strong one, including Arkwright, Case, Morris, Johnson, and others. The blue was well to the fore with the bat, and going in first made 120. Case also did well for 52, but the rest of the visiting team could do very little with the bowling of the brothers Wells, and Morris being absent the innings was concluded for 191. The local team did not start well, but the tail came to the rescue, the last three batsmen being responsible for 74 between them. Out of this number P. Wells got 42 and Jones 21 not out. Against such bowlers as Arkwright, Morris, and Case, 155 was not at all a bad score.
The Watlington XI. might not inaptly be styled the clerics, for I note that no less than four clergymen figure in the team that opposed Aston Rowant on Saturday last. There are parsons all over the country who have been good cricketers in their day and many would do well to imitate their colleagues of Watlington and help their local clubs if they wish to raise their influence among their younger parishioners. In the match under notice the Rev. J. N. Napier fairly made things hum with the bat, and by scoring 132 out of 201 for six wickets enabled his side to score an easy victory over the men of Aston Rowant.
The Central Conservative Club played their first match this season on Saturday against the Victoria. Welberry, of the latter club, figured in the ranks of the Conservatives, who had managed to get together a fair eleven, while their opponents were not very well represented. Going in first the Victoria made a satisfactory start, R. T. Roberts and Nutt playing excellent cricket and putting on 60 for the first wicket. After that, however, no one did very much, and the innings closed for 151. At the call of time the Conservatives for the loss of five wickets had scored 127, Ridgway, Cummings, and Knibbs being responsible for most of the runs.
I understand the City had rather the worst of it with New College on Thursday, but not having seen the details I cannot from my own knowledge say much about it. By the way, the City Club Colts' match is fixed for Monday and Tuesday, July 8th and 9th, and those who intend playing should send in their names as soon as possible. All details will be found in an advertisement elsewhere.
Among the junior clubs on Saturday last St. Kenelm's 131 for 5 wickets beat St. Peter-le-Bailey, 48; Oxford Temperance 91 for 5 wickets beat Summertown, 48; and Y.M.C.A. Juniors 55 and 16 for 2 wickets beat St. Thomas' 2nd XI 29 and 20.
LOCAL FIXTURES.
[On ground of first-named.]
JUNE 29TH.
Clarendon Press v. E.O.C.C.
Summertown v. Clarendon 2nd XI.
Corporation v. St. Barnabas.
St. Barnabas 2nd XI. v. Corporation 2nd XI.
Star v. Cowley St. John.
Y.M.C.A. v. Star 2nd XI.
Peppard v. Henley.
Abingdon v. City.
Littlemore Asylum v. St. Paul's.
St. Paul's 2nd XI. v. Victoria 2nd XI.