HERTFORDSHIRE EXPRESS : SATURDAY 18 MAY 1895 - 1.

PROSPECTS OF THE LOCAL CRICKET SEASON.

The glorious weather of the past fortnight has enabled cricketers to commence the national summer pastime under the best of conditions. In first-class cricket there has been a marked absence of the low scores which generally mark the matches played in the month of May, when soft wickets and wet days are the rule. The same is doubtless true of local cricket, and whatever the rest of the season may be like its opening has certainly been an auspicious one. With these few introductory observations, we will proceed to glance at the prospects of local cricket in 1895.

HERTS. COUNTY C.C.

The recent adoption of the new ground at St. Albans as the "county ground" occurred too late to influence the venue of the present season's matches. The only fixture assigned to this fine enclosure is the return encounter with Bedfordshire. Watford, as for several summers past, gets the lion's share of the matches, although whether it subscribes more to the funds than any other district may be open to question. But just now the wishes of subscribers seem to be a matter of little or no concern to the committee of the club. At the meeting whereat the resolution was passed adopting Clarence Park, St. Albans, as the county ground, Hitchin and Hertford were both mentioned by the secretary as places where certain of the matches would continue to be played notwithstanding the resolution above referred to. But neither town is favoured with a county fixture, nor has been for several years past, although a not inconsiderable part of the club's income must be derived from subscribers living in these divisions of the county, and although the former admittedly has an excellent ground. The novelties in this year's programme are out and home engagements with the counties of Worcester and Berks. These are scarcely likely to prove very interesting, while distance is a decided disadvantage in the case of the former. The eleven is likely to consist for the most part of the cricketers who have represented the county for several seasons past, for there is still, we regret to hear, a complete dearth of young professional talent. The age of the men upon whom the county now chiefly relies makes the outlook for the next few years a gloomy one. Cricketers, even of the "evergreen" variety, cannot go on for ever. The county matches—ten in number—are as follows:—
June 27 and 28, at the Oval, v. Surrey.
July 25 and 26, at Bishop Stortford, v. Norfolk.
" 29 and 30, at Watford, v. Worcestershire.
Aug. 2 and 3, at Watford, v. Berkshire.
" 5 and 6, at Bedford, v. Bedfordshire.
" 7 and 8, at Lords, v. M.C.C. and Ground.
" 9 and 10, at Worcester, v. Worcestershire.
" 14 and 15, at St. Albans, v. Bedfordshire.
" 16 and 17, at Norwich, v. Norfolk.
" 20 and 21, at Reading, v. Berkshire.

The following fixtures for members of the club have also been arranged:—
July 20, at Haileybury, v. Haileybury College.
" 22 and 23, at Hitchin, v. Hitchin C.C.
" 24, at Elstree, Elstree Masters.
" 31 and Aug 1, at Watford, v. West Herts C.C.
Aug. 5, at Arlesey, Cheshunt, v. E. H. Wales's XI.
" 12 and 13, at St. Albans, v. St. Albans C.C.

BEDFORDSHIRE CRICKET CLUB.

This club has added Wiltshire to the list of its opponents, and will have to make the journey to Trowbridge to carry out the first of the two fixtures with that county. An interesting match should be that with the Uppingham Rovers, whose opponents will be the amateurs of the county; if the visitors should be well represented it will be safe to predict some long scoring. For the rest the engagements are as last year, and provided Mr. Thring experiences no great difficulty in getting his elevens together, the county is likely to have a successful season. All or nearly all of last year's players will be available again this. The lack of change bowlers, however, is again likely to handicap the county. The number of fixtures exceed those of Hertfordshire by two:—
June 3 and 4, at the Oval, v. Surrey.
July 1 and 2, at Trowbridge, v. Wilts.
" 29 and 30, at Dunstable, v. Uppingham Rovers.
Aug. 2 and 3, at Banbury, v. Oxfordshire.
" 5 and 6, at Bedford, v. Herts.
" 7 and 8, at Bedford, v. M.C.C.
" 9 and 10, at Bedford, v. Oxfordshire.
" 12 and 13, at Dunstable, v. Surrey.
" 14 and 15, at St. Albans, v. Herts.
" 16 and 17, at Dunstable, v. Wilts.
" 21 and 22, at Leighton, v. Bucks.
" 26 and 27, at Aylesbury, v. Bucks.

HITCHIN C.C.

This club's long list of engagements includes a number of very interesting fixtures, and the season promises to be one of considerable interest. Two University teams are among the visitors, and a well known Cambridge town club will also send over an eleven. The two-days match with a Nottingham eleven, one of the best in last season's programme, again finds a place on the card; and another two-days fixture with Mr. Strauss's eleven is likely to prove almost equally interesting. Another innovation is the match with the Sun Office, but this, in common with the fixtures with Baldock and Arlesey, is a half-day engagement; more of these will, it is stated, be arranged during the season. Wilson, who has been with the club upwards of twelve years, will take a benefit on the occasion of the match with Gentlemen of Herts; this, by the way, forms the first of the fixtures in what we may term a shortened cricket week, and possibly the four days' continuous cricket will be supplemented by an additional fixture for the Saturday.
May 11, Married v. Single.
" 18, at Hitchin, v. St. Albans.
" 18, at Hitchin, v. Queen's College, Cambridge.
" 22, at Hitchin, v. Cambridge University Nihilists.
June 1, at Hitchin, v. Baldock.
" 5, at Hitchin, v. Cambridge University Nihilists.
" 8, at Huntingdon, v. Hunts. County C.C.
" 12, at Hitchin, v. City Police C.C.
" 15, at Hitchin, v. Arlesey.
" 20 and 21, at Hitchin, v. Mr. W. Wright's Notts. XI.
" 24, at Hitchin, v. National Provincial Bank C.C.
July 4, at Arlesey, v. Three Counties Asylum.
" 6, at Hitchin, v. Sun Office C.C. (London).
" 10, at Hitchin, v. Cambridge Cassandras C.C.
" 13, at Hitchin, v. Arlesey.
" 18, at Hitchin, v. Hatfield.
" 20, at Baldock, v. Baldock.
" 22 and 23, at Hitchin, v. Gentlemen of Herts.
" 24, at Hitchin, v. Hunts. County C.C.
" 25, at Hitchin, v. M.C.C.
Aug. 2 and 3, at Hitchin, v. Old Northovians.
" 5, at Hitchin, v. Belgrave C.C.
" 8 and 9, at Hitchin, v. Mr. Strauss's XI.
" 14, at Hitchin, v. Knebworth.
" 19, at St. Albans, v. St. Albans.
" 22, at Hatfield, v. Hatfield.

HITCHIN NIGHTINGALE C.C.

We regret to hear that it has been found necessary to bring the career of this club to a close. Of late years the membership has gradually decreased, until it became a matter of difficulty to raise elevens for the matches. There was, of course, a corresponding decline in the club's funds, and this has been carried on mainly by the aid of honorary subscribers. In these circumstances it was adjudged best to let the club drop out of existence, and a resolution to this effect was passed at the recent annual meeting.

HITCHIN BLUE CROSS TEMPERANCE BRIGADE C.C.

From the hon. secretary we learn that it is hoped this club will be quite as strong as last year, the services of most of the old players being available, and in addition those of several new members.
May 4, at Hitchin, v. Knebworth C.C.
" 11, at Stevenage, v. Stevenage Town 2nd XI.
" 18, at Hitchin, v. Arlesey C.C.
" 25, at Whitwell, v. St. Paulswalden C.C.
June 1, at Hitchin, v. St. Ives C.C.
" 8, at Hitchin, v. Perse School, Cambridge.
" 15, at Knebworth, v. Knebworth C.C.
" 22, at Hitchin, v. Hitchin G.N.B. C.C.
" 29, at Hitchin, v. St. Paulswalden C.C.
July 13, at Hitchin, v. Stevenage 2nd XI.
" 20, at Hitchin, v. G.N.B. Athletic Association, King's Cross.
" 27, at Cambridge, v. Perse School, Cambridge.
Aug. 3, at St. Ives, v. St. Ives C.C.
" 10, at Arlesey, v. Arlesey C.C.
" 17, at Hitchin, v. Hitchin G.N.B. C.C.

STEVENAGE C.C.

With the list of fixtures of this club we have received no information as to the probable strength of the club in 1895. Probably it will for the greater part rely upon those players who have given their services in recent years. One or two very promising players were seen in their ranks last season, and if they have duly "come on" the eleven is likely to be stronger, especially, perhaps, in the department of bowling, than in 1894. We notice that the club has not resumed amicable relations with its neighbours, Hitchin, for which perhaps the latter club is to blame. Whatever the facts of the dispute may be, its prolongation redounds little to the credit of the clubs concerned, and next summer, we trust, we shall once again see these old rivals trying their strength together. The younger members of the club have been well cared for, as many as seven matches for the second eleven having been arranged; the encouragement of the "colts" is sound policy, and will doubtless bear fruit in after years in the shape of useful additions to the first team. The ordinary club engagements differ little from those of recent seasons. One fixture in the list, "versus Three Counties," induces the thought at first sight that Stevenage have ambitious notions of meeting the full strength of Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire, or some other triple combination of shires. We expect, however, that we are not far wrong in interpreting this curious entry to mean the Three Counties Asylum. The full list is appended:—
April 17, at Stevenage, v. Knebworth (2nd XI).
May 1, at Stevenage, v. Next Twenty-two.
" 6, at Stevenage, v. Brixton Wanderers.
" 11, at Stevenage, v. Hitchin Blue Cross C.C. (2nd XI).
" 26, at Stevenage, v. Walkern (2nd XI).
June 3, at Stevenage, v. North Middlesex Wanderers.
" 8, at Watton, v. Watton (2nd XI).
" 8, at Stevenage, v. King's Cross.
" 15, at Stevenage, v. Barnet.
" 22, at Stevenage, v. Watton (2nd XI).
" 29, at Knebworth, v. Knebworth (2nd XI).
July 6, at Stevenage, v. Dalston Havelock.
" 13, at Hitchin, v. Hitchin Blue Cross C.C. (2nd XI).
" 24, at Arlesey, v. Three Counties Asylum.
" 31, at Walkern, v. Walkern (2nd XI).
" 31, at Stevenage, v. St. George's School, Harpenden.
Aug. 5, at Stevenage, v. Beaumont C.C.
" 22, at Baldock, v. Baldock.
" 26, at Stevenage, v. Baldock.
" 31, at Stevenage, v. Dalston Havelock C.C.

BALDOCK C.C.

The hon. secretary of this club courteously answers our request for information by the statement that the strength of the eleven will about equal last year's; no fresh blood has been introduced and the officers of the club are quite dependent on the old members for material whence to form teams. The list of fixtures is a better one than usual, and if carried out in its entirety the season's programme should prove far from uninteresting.
May 9, at Baldock, v. Brixton Wanderers C.C.
" 18, at Ashwell, v. Ashwell.
June 1, at Hitchin, v. Hitchin.
" 8, at Baldock, v. Knebworth.
" 15, at Baldock, v. Cottered.
July 11, at Arlesey, v. Three Counties Asylum.
" 20, at Baldock, v. Hitchin.
" 27, at Baldock, v. Ashwell.
Aug. 10, at Knebworth, v. Knebworth.
" 22, at Baldock, v. Stevenage.
" 26, at Stevenage, v. Stevenage.
Sept. 5, at Baldock, Over 30 v. Under 30.

THREE COUNTIES ASYLUM.

Though many familiar faces remain, the Asylum eleven this season will differ considerably from that which represented the institution in 1894. The loss of Neville, whose slow left-handed bowling proved so useful during the two previous seasons, will be severely felt, as will also the loss of Elphinstone, a fast bowler who was in the eleven one season only. The non-comers include Brooklehurst and Berry, both left-handed bowlers; and Woodhouse, who is expected to be of service as a batsman. Already a heavy defeat has been inflicted on the Arlesey C.C., and the next few days will show of what stuff the eleven is composed. Hon. secretaries are requested to note that the Asylum eleven are open to arrange a match for an early date in September.
May 15, v. Mr. Gurney's XI.
" 21, v. Ampthill.
" 29, v. Royston.
June 5, v. London and Westminster Bank.
" 6, v. Biggleswade.
" 12, v. Royston.
" 20, v. Hackney Tradesmen C.C.
" 26, v. Bedford Ramblers.
July 4, v. Hitchin.
" 11, v. Baldock.
" 17, v. North Thames L.V.C.C.
" 24, v. Stevenage.
Aug. 2, v. Cottered.
" 5, v. London Joint Stock Bank.
" 8, v. Westminster Wanderers.
" 15, v. Neasden.
" 22, v. Sandy.
" 29, v. Mr. A. T. Lucas's XI.

SANDY AND DISTRICT C.C.

The appended fixtures include several in the local cup competition, their own part in which is, we presume, as yet an unknown quantity to the club. Short of these fixtures and the trial match with which the season was to open, the number of matches is reduced to seven—not a large programme by any means, but the reason is, we believe, the difficulty of getting teams together for a greater number of engagements.
May 9, at Sandy, Duffers v. Cracks.
" 29, at Sandy, v. Potton (cup match).
" 29, at Gamlingay, v. Gamlingay (cup match).
June 15, at Sandy, v. Bedford Ramblers.
" 19, at Blunham, v. Blunham.
" 27, at Sandy, v. Biggleswade.
July 11, at Potton, v. Potton (cup match).
" 22, at Sandy, v. Beeston.
" 25, at Sandy, v. Gamlingay (cup match).
Aug. 7, at Sandy, v. Blunham.
" 15, at Biggleswade, v. Biggleswade.
" 22, at Arlesey, v. Three Counties Asylum.