OXFORD TIMES : SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895 - 3.

SPORTING NOTES. [BY THE CAPTAIN.] THURSDAY. Cup-ties were numerous last week,
and conse- quently the cricket generally was fuller of interest than usual.
There were two important contests in the semi-finals for the County Cup, but
neither of them produced any surprise except that perhaps the favourite club won
in each case rather easier than was expected. The City and the Victoria
attracted a goodly number of spectators. The former won the toss, but it was
undoubtedly one of those few occasions when the right thing was to put the
opponents in, which was done. The wicket was still difficult owing to the recent
wet weather, but the drying process was proceeding so fast that there was every
prospect of its improving before the day was out.

In addition to other advantages, the City had in Case a bowler who was quite new
to the Victoria batsmen, and so well did he take advantage of his opportunities
that a few minutes over the hour sufficed to dispose of the whole of the
Victoria team for 49 only. Case had the remarkable analysis of nine wickets
for 22 runs, and the great collapse of the Victoria batting was the more
unexpected as the club had been doing pretty well of late. At this point it
looked as if all interest was gone out of the game, but the City started in a
more disastrous way than their opponents. Nutt and Freeborn proved quite
irresistible, and Day, Case, Sheard and Phillips had all gone by the time 10
appeared on the telegraph. Moulder and A. W. Roberts were then associated, but
the score had not been augmented by 20 before the former gave a chance in the
deep. This, however, was not accepted, and proved the turning point of the game.
The Victoria's score was soon passed, and Moulder, playing faultless cricket and
putting plenty of power into his strokes, finally amassed the fine total of 94.
A. W. Roberts also deserves great praise for his steady defensive play at a
critical time. Subsequently G. A. Roberts played a good not-out innings of 21.
An opinion was ex- pressed that the Victoria did not bowl Freeborn enough, an
opinion which the figures in the analysis certainly seem to confirm.

Cowley put almost the strongest team they could raise into the field against
Thame, who were also well represented, D. C. Lee being about the only absentee.
By-the-way, the City and Victoria also had good teams, though the former were
the worst off with Brownrigg and Gmelin absent against Hedges on the other side.
To return to the Cowley and Thame match. Like the other, it attracted a fairly
good gathering of spectators, and as Cowley had first innings the interest was
kept up longer, though it was felt from the start that the visitors were over-
matched.

Regarding the actual play, the brothers Rogers were mainly responsible for the
victory, though the batting was by no means uneven throughout the team. Arnold
and P. Rogers made an excellent start, putting on 58 for the first wicket, but
it might have been only half that amount had a chance from P. Rogers at 27 been
accepted. Later on A. Rogers hit about vigorously and put 40 to his credit, so
that with useful scores from P. and W. King, Burrin and Walker the total rose
to 181. At no time did Thame look like making a fight of it, and the only stands
made were for the second and fifth wickets, Wells and Rowell putting on 21 for
the former and Rowell and Holloway 13 for the latter. Both the Rogers were in
dangerous moods, while W. King, who took the ball later on, rattled out three
men for only five runs. For Thame, Messenger proved the most successful bowler,
and he might have had still more work with advantage. In the batting, Rowell and
Holloway gave excellent displays considering the trying circumstances.

The final for the County Cup will therefore have to be fought out between Cowley
and the City, which were certainly the two strongest teams on paper that entered
the competition. A meeting of the committee of the Association will be held
to-morrow at the "Golden Cross," at noon, when the place and date of the final
will be selected. It is generally expected that the date will be September 2nd
and 3rd, but the selection of the ground is at present doubtful; for my own part
I should say that one in Oxford would prove far and away the most convenient and
pay the best. Still, of course, the consideration of keeping up the interest in
district centres cannot be ignored.

The County met with another reverse on Monday and Tuesday last, when they
opposed the M.C.C. at Lord's. It can hardly be said that they in any way
discredited themselves, for the premier club had got together a high-class
eleven, with such first-class cricketers as Hornsby, Carpenter, Hewett,
Dauglish, Mead, etc. To get such a side out for 153 was a capital performance,
and reflects credit on the steady bowling of the brothers Rogers. Carlin was the
only one to make any serious stand, and his 63 was got by excellent cricket. The
visitors with Bradford (13) and Wells (22) made a fair start, but thereafter
Woolcock and Mead carried all before them and the innings closed for 81,
Woolcock's analysis of 3 overs, 1 maiden, 10 runs, and 5 wickets being the most
remarkable performance of the match.

Following on our team did much better. Smith was in his happiest vein, and
playing a safe game obtained the fine score of 42 not out. Wood also had his
revenge for being disposed of so cheaply in the first innings, and scored 33 by
means of some stylish cricket. Bradford, Wells and Deane also put on useful
items, so that they managed to save the innings defeat and set the M.C.C. 41 to
get to win. These, however, were obtained for the loss of only one wicket, and
the county had to put up with a nine wicket defeat.

There were two or three more City Cup matches on during the past week, but I
must own that I am rather in a fog as to exactly how far the competition has
gone. The holders had a narrow shave of being knocked out by the Clarendon Press
last Saturday. The Press batted first, and mainly by the assistance of Simms and
Eddles compiled 83. Nash was quite in his best form and took nine wickets
for 30. At the commencement of the Corporation innings Wheeler carried all
before him, and five wickets fell in rapid succession. Then Jennings made things
lively, and further assistance coming from R. Kimber and Tanner the score
reached 85 for nine wickets. At this point the excitement naturally ran high.
Tanner and Thomas, however, managed to get the required runs, and won the match
for the holders by six.

In the match between Cowley 2nd XI. and the College Servants 2nd XI., Colonel
Ward, Captain Lethbridge, and Goodey were all in good form for Cowley, who
finally amassed 122. Goodey proved even more effective with the ball than the
bat, and with the exception of Knibbs and Allen the Servants made a sorry show,
and were all out for 57.

The St. Paul's and E.O.C.C. tie on Saturday proved a striking reversal of a
friendly contest which took place on the Thursday previous. On that day the Con-
servatives made 104 and bowled their opponents out for 20 only. Whereas on
Saturday St. Paul's scored 176 for seven wickets and disposed of the E.O.C.C.
for 63. For the parish club the scoring was consistently good, but Mason (53)
and Hart (40) gave the best displays. Hedges proved the great stumbling block to
the Conservatives. Only Huggins (27), Bristowe (11) and Weedon (10) could make
anything of him, and even these had to succumb to his onslaught in the end. His
analysis was the remarkable one of seven wickets for 13 runs.

The D.A.C. have been rather under a cloud of late, receiving defeats at the
hands of St. Barnabas and Mr. Holloway's XI. On Saturday, however, they did
better, and managed to gain a victory over Headington Quarry by 23 runs. The
match was full of incident. In the first place the D.A.C. lost seven wickets
for 29, and then by some spirited play on the part of Dr. Brooks (57) and
patient defence, G. J. Haines and Spurling totalled 108. Headington Quarry in
reply started pretty well, and had got 70 on the board for the loss of only four
wickets when a rot set in and the whole side were out for 80.

The biennial meeting of the Oxford and Cambridge Servants on the river and the
cricket field took place at the end of last week. Cambridge was the scene of
operations, and according to all accounts the Oxford visitors were treated right
royally during their three days' stay. Besides the chief objects of the re-union
entertainments and amusements were provided con- tinually. Unfortunately for
Oxford they were unsuc- cessful in the two great events, after an excellent
fight in both, the boat race being lost by three quarters of a length and the
cricket match by 10 runs. In the latter contest it was undoubtedly the fine
batting of J. Stearn, Collins and Holt in the first innings which gave Cambridge
the victory. In the rowing the sinuous course of the Cam appeared to bother the
visiting cox considerably, and is supposed to have lost his boat a good deal.

On Saturday the Oxford Times C.C. broke the spell of bad luck which has attended
their annual matches with Wheatley for some years past. The scoring was low, so
that the majority of 23 by which the O.T. won was a fairly large margin. The
winners owed their success as much as anything to the great improvement in their
fielding, two or three very smart catches being brought off.

Unfortunately for Banbury football, there has been for some years past
considerable feeling between the members of different clubs in that town. It is
a deli- cate subject for a comparative outsider to touch with- out treading on
somebody's toes, and I don't want to do that. Yet I cannot very well omit to say
something about the latest developments in the North Oxon town. For some time an
idea has been popular amongst certain Banbury clubs of forming a United Football
Club that should be composed of an association of all the clubs in the town,
and, without interfering with the inter-club fixtures, should take the
responsibility of playing in the County and other cup competitions, and also
play a few higher class matches at Banbury than the clubs can individually
obtain. In other words, with the exception of the County Cup compe- tition, it
would hold exactly the same position in Banbury as the City football club holds
in Oxford.

It appears some of the clubs decided that it would be a good thing to establish
such an association, and appealed to the Banbury Harriers to send repre-
sentatives to a meeting to consider the scheme. The Harriers promptly called a
meeting of their members for Friday last, which was presided over by the Mayor,
who was evidently against the new club. Messrs. Graves and Stockton both made
powerful appeals to the meeting not to support the new idea, and in the end the
Harriers unanimously decided not to coun- tenance the formation of a United
Football Club. They should certainly know better than a stranger what would be
best for their own town; still, looking at the matter from quite a neutral and
independent standpoint, it seems a pity that the oldest club in the town should
have opposed the scheme so vehemently. The two main objections seemed to be
expense and multiplicity of clubs. But surely, if properly managed, the expenses
should be very small, for I presume the association would only nominally have a
ground of its own, and would not be constituted like an ordinary club. By
playing better football, and enlisting the interests of the partisans of all the
different clubs, the gates should be worth having, and enthusiasm for the game
greatly increased in the district.

LOCAL FIXTURES. (On the ground of the first-named). AUGUST 24TH. Mr. Tubbs' XI.
v. City. City 2nd v. Woodstock. Victoria v. E.O.C.C. Clarendon Press v. Y.M.C.A.
Star 2nd v. Clarendon Press 2nd. College Servants v. St. Barnabas. St.
Barnabas 2nd v. Abingdon 2nd. Corporation v. Star. Temperance v.
Corporation 2nd. D.A.C. v. St. Paul's. Victoria 2nd v. St. Paul's 2nd. Cowley
St. John v. E.O.L.C. Cowley St. John 2nd v. Headington United 2nd. AUGUST 26TH.
Oxfordshire v. Norfolk, at Witney (first day). AUGUST 27TH. Oxfordshire v.
Norfolk (second day). Littlemore Asylum v. E.O.C.C. AUGUST 29TH. College
Servants v. City 2nd. Cowley St. John v. D.A.C.

O.C.C.C. 2ND XI. v. BALLIOL COLLEGE SERVANTS C.C.—This match was played on the
Hertford ground on August 16th, and resulted in an easy victory for the home
team, for whom E. W. Freeborn was in great form with the bat. Score:— BALLIOL
C.S.C.C.—G Peauchamp, b Turner, 8; T Sawyer, c Dickenson, b Turner, 0; W A Pike,
b Huggins, 5; H W King, b Huggins, 8; P Wyatt, b Turner, 4; A Brown, b
Huggins, 9; A Webb, b Smith, 26; J Goldsworthy, c Rouse, b Turner, 13; H Burley,
b Turner, 9; A C Millin, run out, 0; W French, not out, 0; byes, etc., 10.
Total, 76. O.C.C.C. 2ND XI.—J E F Turner, b Wyatt, 6; W J Upton, b Wyatt, 14; E
W Freeborn, not out, 65; G B Dickenson, l-b-w, b Goldsworthy, 24; J C Morton, c
French, b Brown, 9; H J Huggins, not out, 6; E A Roberts, W G Smith, F Voughles,
A Rouse, and W Robson did not bat. Byes, etc., 18. Total (4 wickets), 142.

D.A.C. v. HEADINGTON QUARRY.—Played on the New College ground on Saturday,
August 17th. The D.A.C. lost 7 wickets for 29; then Dr. Brooks with T. Haines,
added 29, and with Spurling 47, the innings closing for 108. Quarry had 70 up,
with 4 wickets down, but R. A. Roberts bowled splendidly, and they were all out
for 80. Score:— D.A.C. HEADINGTON QUARRY. J B Mastin, b J Cox .. 6 M Cox, c
Wallace, b W J L Wallace, c Smith, b Roberts .. .. 8 M Cox .. .. .. 3 W Coppock,
b Haines .. 7 G H Hains, b M Cox .. 2 J Cox, b Roberts .. .. 20 A L Baines, b M
Cox .. 7 G Coppock, b Wallace .. 13 Dr. Brooks, b M Cox .. 57 C Corby, b Wallace
.. .. 2 B F Harcourt, b M Cox .. 0 T Trafford, b Roberts .. 8 W J Oakley, b J
Cox .. 0 R Parsons, b Roberts .. 3 R A Roberts, c Smith, b G Goodgame, c Baines,
b J Cox .. .. .. 2 Wallace .. .. .. 1 J Haines, b M Cox .. 12 C Coppock, b
Roberts .. 0 H W Spurling, b M Cox .. 9 H Smith, not out .. .. 2 J W Davis, not
out .. .. 0 J Coppock, run out .. .. 1 Byes, etc. .. .. 10 Byes, etc. .. .. 15
Total .. .. 108 Total .. .. 80
