LINCOLN GAZETTE: SATURDAY 29 JUNE 1895-1
CRICKET.
TO-DAY'S FIXTURES.
Stamp End v. Retford Town.
Swindeby v. St. Hugh's Church.
Reepham v. Hartsholme.
Washingborough v. Globe Works.
Ruskington v. Albion.
Sheaf Ironworks v. Burton.
South Park v. Stamp End Reserve.
St. Andrew's v. Bardney.
Redbourne v. Kirton-in-Lindsey Reserve.
MONDAY, JULY 1st.
Lindum v. Eleven Clergymen.

There has been a lengthy correspondence in a Yorkshire contemporary during the past week on the question of the desirability of playing Cyril Bland in the Yorkshire team. It may be stated that at the commencement of the present season Mr. Wostinholm (County secretary) made enquiries with respect to Bland, and found that he was qualifying for Sussex, and that even if the Yorkshire Committee should deem it advisable to give him a trial they could not do so for two years. Bland has a house in Sussex for which rent and rates are paid in the usual way. Though he has been professional at Halifax for two years his residence there has not been continuous, and he is really qualifying direct from Lincolnshire to Sussex, while acting as professional for Halifax in the meantime. If Bland were qualified by residence to play for Yorkshire he would probably have had a trial, even though he is a Lincolnshire man by birth. It is surprising how quickly the Lincolnshire fast bowler has sprung into the front rank of cricketers, as it is not more than five or six years ago since he used to bowl for Boston Grammar School, where he was a pupil, and was even then the terror of the other Grammar Schools of the county. We cannot refrain from once more deprecating the present system on which county cricket is carried on, and we only wish that there were a few more Committees as conscientious as our Yorkshire neighbours, who would refuse to buy and play players from other counties in order to make up as good a team as possible. As we have remarked before on this subject, cricket and football will very soon be on the same footing with regard to the buying of players, and a poor county like ours will apparently have to go to the dogs.
The weather of the past week has been increasingly hot, until on Saturday good wickets were quite the exception, as rollers would not touch the surface, and, where used, only tended to make the wicket all the more crumbly. With such a condition of things locally it is perplexing when one reads how in the first-class matches the wickets wear so well, for instance, in the I Zingari v. Gentlemen match, where actually in the fourth innings of the match "W.G." and Mr. Sellers made 101 and 71 respectively, and won the game for the latter team by 10 wickets. Despite this condition of things, several very respectable scores were put together in Lincoln and district last Saturday, perhaps the best being the 93 for two wickets, compiled by the Albion on the Cowpaddle against St. Hugh's.
The wicket on the Lindum looked very parched when the match between that Club and the Bishop's Hostel commenced. The home team were very fortunate to win the toss, and should certainly have made more use of their opportunity than they did, as the Hostel bowling was undoubtedly the weakest that has been pitted against the Lindum this season, Chatterton's especially coming in for severe treatment. The only relieving feature of a very feeble display by the Lindum batsmen was Fellows' innings, although he was favoured with exceptional luck, as he was missed once very badly at long off, and again at the wicket, but on the other hand the catch which got rid of him, after making 49, was a very good one. The Lindum only totalled 115, and luckily for them Chatterton had to go to catch a train, or it is most probable that the Hostel would have got the four runs necessary to win the match, as they made 112 runs for 9 wickets. Charles Broadbent's junior, took the most wickets, although off his first over no less than 10 runs were scored. We cannot pass over this match without mentioning Stanley's brilliant innings of 63 not out. He went in first wicket down and batted brilliantly for his side, his hitting on the leg side being especially good. Like the Lindum, the Hostel suffered from a very evident tail, the last five men making 9 runs between them.
The return match at Woodhall Spa between the Lincoln Stamp End and Woodhall Clubs proved a very one-sided affair, the visitors winning easily. With the exception of Fowler, who made 10 of the 24 runs compiled by the home team, no one could stand against the wonderful bowling of Mettam, who took seven wickets at a cost of four runs (his best bowling performance so far this season). Kerrigan also bowled well. For the visitors, H. Simpson, Heywood, Martin, and Dodds were the principal scorers, all playing admirable cricket. The total had reached 126 runs for nine wickets when time was called. For the home team Fairburn bowled remarkably well. To-day (Saturday) Retford Town visit the Sheaf Bank ground to play the return match with Stamp End, and as this is looked upon as the principal match of the season, an exciting game is anticipated.
The St. Andrew's and South Park match, after a slow and uneventful contest, ended in a victory for the home team by four runs. The home team started badly, losing the brothers Trevitt when only a few runs had been scored, but H. E. Reede played brilliantly for 16, as also did W. Reede for 21, the latter making three or four good boundary hits. None of the others did much, and the innings closed for 74. For South Park, Wrighell displayed great patience, and scored 25. Nicholson also played well for 19. J. E. Smith and Grant did the best of the remainder. Fenton, who bowled splendidly, again had a remarkable analysis, taking seven wickets for 21 runs, three of them being clean bowled. In the last two matches in which he has played his analysis reads—Stamp End, seven wickets for 17 runs; Washingborough, eight wickets for 12 runs. This record undoubtedly proves Fenton to be one of the best bowlers in Lincoln. To-day (Saturday) the return match between St. Andrew's and Bardney will be played on the ground of the former, when the home team should win.

The Albion would undoubtedly have won their match with St. Hugh's had time allowed, but the latter team are to be congratulated on their batting form. Jackson was the chief scorer, and played a really good and careful innings for 47, while "extras" also did well. Benbow, for the Albion, was hitting out grandly when time was called, and had made 41. He, with Brailsford (17), seemed quite set, and these two looked as if they could have knocked off the runs without being separated. To-day St. Hugh's play Swindeby.
One match between the teams has already taken place, but our scores ever reached the newspapers, and some more to the front than others have been heard to remark that on that eventful Saturday the St. Hugh's team made the large total of 4. Whether this is so or not we cannot say, but the fact that no result was sent for publication seems to point that way, and we hope that to-day the visitors will score a few more than 4, and retrieve their character in the eyes of the cricketers of Swindeby.
A close game was played at the Asylum against the Woodworks, the latter winning by 5 runs. Byron was the most useful member of the visitors' team, as, after making 12 runs, he took 5 wickets at very small cost. On the other side Dr. Torney was not bowled until he had rattled up 28, the top score of the match.
The Lincoln Grammar School played a match on Saturday against a scratch team, and the game is worthy of mention from the fact that seven of the latter side made "ducks," and yet that same side won the match. It might also be mentioned that four of the Grammar School also indulged in the same luxury. The scores were—Grammar School 45, Ogle's team 47.
Hartsholme received a check to their victorious career on Saturday, the stumbling-block being Bassingham. Only two double figure scores were made for Hartsholme, Wells-Cole (35) and Cockburn (13) being the gentlemen concerned. The Hartsholme total was 73, while Bassingham put together 101, thanks chiefly to Brown, Brocklebank, Wilson, and Moorhead.
Only two double-figure innings were scored in the Welton-Globe Works match, Ireson making 22 for the latter and Wilson 15 for the former. There was no exceptional bowling, the totals being Welton 45, Globe Works 55.
Sleaford had a bad time of it on Saturday, when opposed to Grantham, as after making the miserable score of 36, their opponents put together 201. There were County players on both sides. J. Hinde, on the Grantham side, played well, and should certainly be included in the County team, if only for his bowling.
Mr.—Cyril Bland has secured the Surrey Chronicle guinea for his bowling feat which we reported last week.—"Punt" Hallam made 45 for Sheaf Ironworks v. Gie Burton on Saturday.—I. Melbourne scored half the runs for Kirton Lindsey v. Gainsborough and took four wickets, while seven Ducklings made six runs between them, and yet Kirton Lindsey won the match.—Gecson was eighth in the bowling averages of first-class cricket up to date.—G. P. Harrison 5 for 41, Bland 4 for 52, Alec 48 runs and 4 for 46, and Nicholson 33 and 5 wickets, were the doings of local pros on Saturday in Yorkshire and Lancashire.—George Lohmann reached Southampton early last Sunday morning.

LINCOLN LINDUM "A" TEAM v. LINCOLN HOSTEL.
—Played on the Lindum on Saturday, resulting in a win for the home team. Score:—
LINDUM.
T. E. Tweed, b Holdcroft 0
H. Watkins, b Freeman 17
A. P. Fellowes, c Stanley, b Murray 49
S. Watkins, c Crowfoot, b Freeman 10
A. B. Porter, c Taunton, b Chatterton 12
E. A. Cousans, c Chatterton, b Murray 6
Spencer, c & b Murray 0
C. Dobbs, b Chatterton 4
W. Ives, not out 2
Charles, b Holdcroft 3
Murray 0
F. W. Shaw, b Murray 0
Extras 12
Total 115

BISHOP'S HOSTEL.
Freeman, lbw, b S. Watkins 4
Ward, c Porter, b ditto 18
Stanley, not out 63
Padmore, b S. Watkins 12
Murray, c Porter, b Charles 4
Rev. Crowfoot, b ditto 2
Taunton, b Charles 0
Smith, c Porter, b Fellowes 0
Loycroft, b Charles 0
Priest, b Fellowes 5
Chatterton, absent 0
Extras 2
Total 112

WOODHALL SPA v. LINCOLN STAMP END.—This return match was played on the ground of the former on Saturday last, and resulted in an easy victory for the visitors. The home team won the toss, but were all dismissed for the poor total of 24, to which E. Fowler contributed 10. Mettam and Kerrigan bowled splendidly, the former taking 7 wickets for 4 runs, and the latter 3 for 14. The visitors had scored 126 for nine wickets when time was called, H. Simpson (49), W. Heywood (35), F. Martin (10), and T. Dodds (9, not out) being the principal scorers. Fairburn took seven wickets. Score:—
WOODHALL SPA.
C. Fairburn, b Kerrigan 0
E. Brumley, c Heywood, b Mettam 3
G. Dawson, b Mettam 0
L. Fowler, c Harrod, b Kerrigan 10
P. Nicks, b Mettam 0
J. Dennison, b Mettam 0
W. Lickorish, c Richardson, b Mettam 1
H. Walter, c & b Mettam 0
W. Bulling, b Mettam 0
W. Crookes, b Kerrigan 0
L. Gwyn, not out 4
Extras 6
Total 24

STAMP END.
W. Heywood, c Walter, b Fowler 38
J. Needham, c Fowler, b Fairburn 5
H. Simpson, c Stokes, b Fairburn 49
I. Kerrigan, b Fairburn 4
H. Harrod, c Fairburn, b Fowler 2
E. Gunn, st Stokes, b Fairburn 2
F. Martin, c Lickorish, b Fairburn 18
T. Dodds, not out 9
J. Richardson, c Crookes, b Fairburn 1
H. Elderkin, st Stokes, b Fairburn 0
H. Mettam, to bat.
Extras 2
Total (9 wkts) 126