WESTERN EVENING HERALD - TUESDAY 23 JULY 1895.

CRICKET GOSSIP.

DEVON v. CORNWALL.

Yesterday, at Truro, the representatives of Devon cricket performed in brilliant style. No doubt the winning of the toss had a lot to do with the fine score... At the fall of the last wicket, the score board read 342—10—0. A. G. Bewes took off the chief batting honours, and carried out his bat for 134. The Plymouthian's innings was a brilliant display, and he well deserved the applause bestowed upon him when he retired. Besides Bewes, Jennings also showed splendid form for 41, whilst others of the team did well. Cornwall are faring very badly, and yesterday lost nine men for 51 runs. On Friday we propose to criticise the play more fully.

Sergeant Naylor, of the Somerset Light Infantry, yesterday showed his liking for the bowling of the Royal Marines team, by knocking up 106. This is the second century of Naylor this season. As the same time it is to be announced that the Somerset team won their first match by defeating Lieutenant Hobbs' team. Batting first, the Marines made a poor show against the Somerset bowling, and a new trundler, one able to hit the sticks, has been found in Sergeant Martin, who took five wickets, whilst Naylor was responsible for the others, the innings closing for 106.

On the Somersets batting things went badly to start with, but on Captain Swayne and Naylor getting together the score rose steadily and surely, and without further loss the Marines' "tally" was passed. Captain Swayne played another good innings of 39, whilst Lieutenant Luckhardt hit hard for 23 not out, and, with a double figure contribution from Major Fownes, and extras running up to 30, the fine score of 226 was reached, and the Somerset won their first match by 120 runs.

The Britannia team on Saturday had a match with Mr. F. Preake's XI., of Cambridge Energietics, but the exhibition was not of the class to cause any great excitement, although several well known cricketers were playing. The scratch team won with comparative ease, but only V. F. Leese and A. W. Miller were able to do anything with the bowling of Underwood and Alison, as the whole side were dismissed for 107 runs. The ship's total fell short of this number by 48 runs, a very poor exhibition, taken all round, and only Lieutenant Murray 16, Underwood 17, and Chilton 13, could do anything in the scoring line. Miller took 6 wickets, Dawson and Alison 4 each for their respective sides, whilst Underwood was responsible for half of the Energietics' wickets. The cricket, on the whole, was awfully second class and disappointing.

Illogan had a little the better of Camborne on Saturday, and won by twelve runs on the first innings. The result must have been a very bitter pill for Camborne to swallow, as the home men, after scoring 49 for 5 wickets, "declared," and put the Illogan men in again, with the hope that they would be again dismissed for thirty odd runs, but Illogan were going well at the finish, and had notched 27 for 5 wickets, or 10 runs behind to win by wickets. The teams on form appear to have been very evenly matched, but like other Cornish teams their bowling was far too powerful for the batting, and low scoring is the general order. Camborne made 27 and 49 (5 wickets), whilst Illogan got 39 and 27 for 5 wickets. Gilbert and Trevarthen bowled very finely for Camborne, whilst T. Letcher performed brilliantly with the ball for Illogan.

Amongst the many school matches played on Saturday, perhaps the most interesting was that between the grammar schools at Yealmpton and Plympton. The match was played at Plympton, and owing to the fine form of Hawke, both in batting and bowling, the Yealmpton team won by 9 runs. The winners scored 46 (22 by Hawke) and 17, whilst the home men got 20 and 34, Martyn doing best in both the batting and bowling.

The Sharpshooters' team was defeated by the Ganges' team on Saturday, on the first innings. The "shooters" scored but 27, at their first venture, but at the second attempt got 65 for six wickets. In the latter innings Palfreman and Morice showed up finely, and were mainly responsible for the good show of the second innings. The Ganges men scored 41, but none of the batsmen ran into the doubles, and at the second effort scored 33 for two wickets. Dr. McNab and Palfreman were the best of the bowlers.

Truro College were having a lot the better of Falmouth on Saturday, when time saved the latter team from a probable reverse. The Collegians were the first to wield the willow, and scored 83, not a large total by any means, and out of the number, Beer 13, Davies 10, and Hunter 11, were the pick of the basket, whilst extras ran up 16. The innings of Falmouth was very poor, so far as it went, and out of the 35 scored for five wickets, Vincent, the pro., was responsible for 25. Rowe was responsible for the downfall of the best wickets, but, on the other hand, Wood took six wickets (all clean bowled) for 9 runs.

The return League match between G.W.R. and Stonehouse took place at Marsh Mills on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the Stonehouse team by 39 runs. Stonehouse batted first, and scored 80, Devonshire, Gilbert, and Trevan scoring freely, whilst the home men were all dismissed for 42. Davey was in very fine form again with the ball, and took six wickets for 24 runs, whilst Bert Poland was the best of the home trundlers. Next Saturday, Stonehouse meet the Naval Ordnance, and, as the latter has not yet lost a League engagement, a stiff battle for supremacy is sure to be witnessed, and, should Stonehouse win, they will be but one point behind the leaders.

Wolsden, at home on Saturday, could do next to nothing against St. Germans, and were defeated by the Saints by three wickets and 72 runs. Wolsden cut up very badly against the bowling of Gill, who captured six wickets for very few runs, and in return St. Germans scored 110 for seven wickets. Golightly scored 47 by brilliant all-round cricket, but did not play in accordance with his name, as he hit heavily. Owen 15, and Hancock 14, also scored freely.

The Cornwall County match, on Saturday, against Plymouth and District, ended in a most unsatisfactory manner, in consequence of the weather. The Plymouthians were the first and only ones to bat, but fared very badly, and were all out for 111. Mr. A. G. Bewes, who captained the team, was the chief scorer with 20, but Lieutenant Hobbs, Yorke, Aston, Shearme, and Moore each scored double figures. Hosking, who, we believe, made his first appearance for the county on Saturday, was the best of the bowlers, and performed very creditably, and was responsible for dismissing Curteis, Shearme, Roe (A. P.), and Hobbs. Another trial will, no doubt, be given to the young colt in the near future.

Ford, at the Brickfields on Saturday, played an in and out game, in connection with the League, with the Marines, and eventually won by 14 runs. Batting first, the Ford men ran up 60 for but three wickets, but the first seven men only added 29 runs, and the innings closed for 89. The Marines retaliated with 75; Piper 21 not out, Everest 13, and Ferris 10, were the best. Sergeants Brace and Beech, for the Marines, and Badcock, for the winners, bowled well.

We have to record that one of the finest critics of both cricket and football has passed away. Mr. Thomas R. Sutton, for twenty years editor of the "Athletic News," died at Lythan on Wednesday last. The "red rose" county will lose a strong advocate, and a powerful writer.

Two performances, though outside first-class cricket, deserve a passing notice. For Beccles College against Norfolk County Asylum, in the first innings of the latter, G. L. Jessop bowled down every wicket—that means hit the stumps in every case—the total being 24, of which Sergeant Cockburn made 14, carrying his bat right through, the other ten runs being extras. Jessop afterwards scored 184 not out. The other game took place in Ireland. R. H. Lambert, of the Leicester C.C., captured seven wickets of the Fitzwilliam Lawn Tennis Club, and then went in and knocked up a trifle of 248 not out, Leinster putting on 413 for four wickets in three hours.

EXETER LEAGUE NOTES.

As the League competition nears completion, there are fewer matches being played, and Saturday last was another off day. Perhaps it was as well there were no matches fixed for that date, for the rain spoiled nearly all the games that were played in the district.

The League Committee have decided to accept with many thanks the offer of a bat competition which Jennings, Exeter's pro., made them, and it is understood it will be awarded to the player who stands highest in the League average lists, both in batting and bowling, the winners of the first bat and the "Mercury" ball being excluded. And so it seems highly probable that Silverton Mills and Bradinch will take the three prizes between them. None of the players of the other teams are likely to be higher than fourth or fifth on either list. W. Cuming (Bradinch), M. T. Foster, J. J. Ralph, and C. Gray (Silverton Mills) stand the best chance of securing the prizes up to date, their batting averages being in the order they are given.

The match between a selected team from the two Leagues (Exeter and Plymouth) is to take place as soon as possible, but up to date no ground suitable for such an encounter has been found. Gras Lawn was rather high, and so is the needful fee, and, therefore, that has, we understand, been given up.

Considerable interest should, and more than likely will, be taken in a match which takes place at the Ever Faithful City on Bank Holiday (next Monday week), when the Exeter League Secretary has engaged to bring a team against last year's winners of the "Mercury" Junior League (St. Andrew's Chapel). The "Saints" have a much better team in hand than the winning Leaguers, and the eleven they hope to place on the field is about as good a one as Plymouth Juniors can produce, including, as it does, F. L. Opie, W. Manning, White, W. Stitson, E. Bamford, Badcock, and others equally at home with the willow and leather. It is hoped the Exeter team may be nearly identical with the one selected for the inter-League match, viz:—G. J. Ralph, M. T. Foster, C. Gray (Silverton Mills), E. B. Cuming, F. W. Cuming, H. Passmore (Bradinch), B. Shapcott, J. Weekes (Exeter Working Men), G. F. Thompson, S. F. Head (St. Sidwell's), and A. Ward (Silverton). The same reserves who are selected with the above will be invited to play in the place of any necessary absentees, and should a fairly representative team be got together, a very good game should be the result. The venue is not yet decided on. We hope to give both teams next week.

Playing for Exe Valley 1st on Saturday, against Stooroos, W. Dyke (of the now defunct St. Sidwell's) made 19 out of 57. Well done, Billy!

Most of the "Saints" will finish the season with other elevens, probably the Working Men.

Rumours of an attempt to get two leagues (senior and junior) in operation in the Exeter District next season have some foundation, but we believe no attempt at active endeavour will be made until the financial state of the present League at the end of the season is determined.