EASTERN DAILY PRESS: THURSDAY 29 AUGUST 1895 - 2.

CRICKET.
[BY OUR CRICKET EDITOR.]

NOTICE.
Reports of matches, teams for Cup-ties, and other matter requiring insertion in this column should be sent promptly to the Cricket Editor, Museum Court, Norwich, to whom all communications bearing on cricket should be addressed.
Printed forms for newspaper reports of matches may be had free of charge on application.
Correspondents are requested to write only on one side of the paper.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
NORFOLK COUNTY CLUB.
THURSDAY.
Norfolk v Cambridgeshire, at Cambridge (continued)
INTER-CLUB MATCHES.
TO-DAY.
Norwich Union v Hellesdon, Lakenham
Y R A v County Asylum, Whittingham
Gordon v Nelson, Lakenham
Victoria v Norwich and London, Newmarket Road
R N II v Yarmouth Unity, Recreation Ground
Cameron-Wellington v Westwick, Newmarket Road
Colney v Old Catton, Colney
Coltishall v Thorpe Village, Coltishall
FRIDAY.
Suffolk Borderers v Gunton, Garboldisham (first day)
SATURDAY.
St. Mark's v R N E, Lakenham.
Thorpe Hamlet v Guild, Lakenham.
Klingsley v Temple, Yarmouth Recreation Ground.
Blofield v Y M C A, Blofield.
Beccles Canton v Yarmouth Mechanics, Beccles.
Diss v College Gate, Bury.
Quidenham Park v Thetford, Quidenham.
Y R A v South Yarmouth, Barrack Square.
Carrow v Howlett & White's, Newmarket Road.
Carrow Second v New City, Lakenham.
Howlett & White's Second v Caley & Son's Second, Dix's Land.
Lowestoft v Visitors, Lowestoft.
Hethersett v South Reigham Institute, Norwich.
H. Cozens-Hardy's XI. v Norfolk County Asylum, Whillingham

To Fairfax Davies largely belongs the credit of Norfolk's latest success over Oxfordshire. The difference was so slight—a matter of 13 runs only—after a first day's play, that the issue of the game hung almost entirely upon the play during the second day. The wicket played queerly, and none but resolute batsmen, with a good defence, stood any chance of making runs. It was at this stage of the game that Fairfax Davies entered upon his long and valuable innings. He and Skrimshire put on 50 for the first wicket, and after the departure of the Holt man, Tillard helped him to take the score to within one of the century. The next two wickets gave little trouble, Barratt contributing 3 and the Norfolk captain only a couple. Wilson, of Sutton Valence fame, put together a dozen, and the last five men gave even less trouble, Morley narrowly escaping "a pair." Of the 123 put together by Norfolk, Mr. Davies claimed more than half, and there can be little doubt that his magnificent score of 94 turned the scale in favour of Norfolk. His best hits were nine 4s and eight 3s.

Oxfordshire were set 170 to get to win, but they never at any time during the innings looked like accomplishing this task. Shore, who failed to secure a single wicket in the first innings, and Mack bowled finely; and though five men reached double figures, the whole side were dismissed for the moderate total of 100, leaving Norfolk victorious by a margin of 69 runs. Mack's figures for the match were excellent, while both Shore and Morley bowled well in a single innings.

G. F. Blake once more proved himself a useful member of the team. In addition to scoring 27 and 9, he secured three men behind the sticks, whilst he only gave away three byes in the first innings and two in the second.

Last season Fairfax Davies headed the Norfolk batting averages with an average of 27 for eight innings, his highest effort being his 49 at Cambridge. In the match, however, he was credited with 62 for one completed innings.

Of the seven Inter-County matches played by Norfolk so far this season, three have been won, two drawn, and one lost. Victories have been obtained over Oxfordshire, Hertfordshire, and Lincolnshire. The drawn games have been with Lincolnshire and Cambridgeshire, and the solitary defeat was experienced at the hands of Herts at Bishop's Stortford.

The last fixture of the season is now in progress as I write. Cambridgeshire are well represented, but as we got through this match last season with some 60 odd runs to spare, and as the team are in a winning frame of mind, there is sufficient reason for believing that the results at the finish of the season will be far more satisfactory, from the point of view of winning matches, than was predicted at the early part of the year.

The success of the Gloucestershire eleven in the field this season has effected a marked improvement in the gate receipts. In the Cheltenham Week, for instance, the county beat all previous records, including that of 1890, when the Australians were a great attraction. In that week, as in the one just passed, there was a blank day, but the receipts have gone from £557 to £701.

Last week I remarked upon the falling-off of local century makers, and hinted at the possibility of someone doing the trick that week. As a matter of fact, although I did not know it at the time, Phil Fryer was well on the way for the century at the time the lines were penned. That he eventually made 123 is now a matter of ancient history. It was, I am told, a fine performance, and I regret very much that I was unable to witness the all-round display of the Norfolk team on that occasion. He experienced a piece of good luck early in his career, the ball striking the stumps and failing to dislodge the bails. One can hardly describe that as a blemish. In all other respects the innings was faultless.

P. A. Fryer's 129 against Oxfordshire last week is the highest individual score obtained by any player in the Norfolk matches this season, and, so far, it is the only three figure innings. Last season A. R. Burton's 95, against a strong M.C.C. team at Yarmouth, stood as the best for the season, Fryer's best effort being a 40 obtained under great difficulties at Bishop's Stortford.

Norfolk made a grand beginning at Cambridge yesterday, and rain alone can save the Cambridgeshire eleven from a heavy—possibly a single innings—defeat to-day. On a bowler's wicket, Shore and Morley carried everything before them, Cambridgeshire being dismissed for the melancholy total of 56, of which number Dan Hayward was responsible for 17. Norfolk started none too well, losing F. Davies, J. F. Skrimshire, and C. Tillard for less than 20, but P. A. Fryer and L. Barratt, between them, carried the score past the home total. Morley again failed with the bat, and his captain, although making a lengthy stay, scored none too freely. The association of the Rev J C Wilson and Ernest Fryer was, however, attended with happy results, and the pair put on runs at a smart pace. The St. Bart's man, who is playing in the place of G. F. Blake, eventually carried out his bat for 32, the highest individual effort of the day. The innings closed for 161, of which no fewer than 27 were extras. Cambridgeshire played better in their second essay with the bat, and Robson, who is one of the soundest bats in the team, and a Norfolk born man, to wit, played good cricket for 32. At the call of time five wickets had been disposed of for 62, so that the home county are in the unenviable position of being still 43 runs behind with only five wickets in hand. To all appearances Cambridgeshire's chances are beyond all hope of recovery, and an early victory for Norfolk may reasonably be expected.

SCORES OF FIFTY RUNS AND UPWARDS.
P. DAVIES for NORFOLK v. OXFORDSHIRE ... 94
L. C. V. Bathurst for H. Astley's XI. v. Rougham ... 40
H. E. Ladell for Gunton v. Cromer Visitors ... 60*
Robin Burton for Mr. Banley's XI. v. Mr. Stracey's XI. (under 14) ... 65
P. DANE for OXFORDSHIRE v. NORFOLK ... 51
G. H. Wood for OXFORDSHIRE v. NORFOLK ... 50
Ronaldson for Drayton and Taverham v. Kingley ... 50
* Signifies not out.

GOOD BOWLING PERFORMANCES.
S. M. R. W.
E Scott-Holmes for Diss v. Bury United ... 5.2 1 9 3
J Madgett, for Diss v. Bury United ... 6 3 10 3
H Smith, for Y M O A v. Norwich and London ... 3 0 9 3
Foxon, for Y M O A v. Norwich and London ... 5 2 6 5
L Redingfield, for Yarmouth Mechanics v. Y B A ... 10 3 18 6
G A Pearson, for Yarmouth Mechanics v. Y B A ... 2.3 2 0 4
L O V Bathurst for Drayton and Taverham v. Kingley ... 10 3 18 4
A W Warren for Drayton and Taverham v. Kingley ... 2.2 1 11 6
T Riches, St Margaret's Institute v. Kingsley ... 9 5 25 6
C F Lamb, for Norwich and London v. Y M C A ... 9 3 12 6
A W Oldfield, for Norwich and London v. Y M O A ... 11 3 15 4
J G Nitchey, for Carrow v. St. Mark's ... 14 6 20 4
E Trundle, for Gordon v. Yarmouth Unity ... 12 5 25 5
Yell, for Y M C A v. Norwich and London ... 4 0 15 4

REV. — KING'S XI. v. NEW CITY.—Played on Saturday last on the Belle Vue Ground, and resulted in a win for New City by 37 runs. For New City Skoyles, Adams, and Stewart batted well, as did Prior for the losers, while Howes bowled well for New City. New City—Burrell 9, Reeve 0, Field 0, Skoyles 30, Howes 8, Stewart 11, Douglas 0, Seales 1, Adams 15, Churchard 5, Mills 4, not out, extras, 18; total, 89. Rev — King's XI.—C Prior 1, Green 6, Rev — King 2, B Prior 12, D Thwaites 10, Y Thwaites 7, S Sewell 2, Boswell 0, B Sewell 2, Partridge 0, Bullard 5, extras, 11; total, 52.

ST. PAUL'S v. THORPE VILLAGE.—Played at Thorpe on August 24th, and resulted in a win, after a very pleasant game, for St. Paul's by 26 runs. The bowling of B M Jackson was very good, taking six wickets in the first innings and five in the second; while for the losers R Newstead, in the second innings, batted well. St Paul's—B H Jackson 0, Steward 3, Rev J Calvert 8, B M Jackson 3, G F Hill 3, Adcock 8, R Ellis 5, H Ellis 2, G Hill 6, H Hill 2, Barfield not out 2, extras 7; total, 47. Thorpe Village—Rev J Outram 4-0, G M Wright 1-1, Newstead 0-17 not out, Francis 0-1, Chetlaburgh 0-3, Watson 0-0 Woodcock 8-1, P C Wright 3-0, R Plowgh not out, 0, Chapman absent, Smith 2, extras 3-3; totals, 19-26t

USTRAND v. NORMAN & BEARD'S.—Played at Newmarket Road on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the United by 136 runs with three wickets to fall. Norman & Beard's were unable to withstand the bowling of Calver and Hogg, the former taking four wickets for six runs, and the latter five wickets for 8, also doing the hat trick. For the United White, who retired with 36 to his credit, Hooper 35, and Tomkins 23 not out, are worthy of mention. Norman Bros. & Beard's—Adams 0, Haschit 7, Rose 0, Mander 1, Gillingham 0, Wilson 0, Mittabson 0, Reeve 3, Davis 0, Dyer not out 3, Palmer 6, extras 2; total, 21. United—Waites 16, Hogg 9, White retired 36, Mills 12, Hooper 35, Bower 8, Tomkins not out 23, Yallup 2, Alden not out 5, extras 12; total 157.

CATFIELD v. WAXHAM VISITORS.—Played at Catfield on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by 1 run. Goddard batted exceedingly well for Catfield, and A. Allingham was the pick of the visitors. Catfield—Yorke 8, Goddard 29, Neave 2, Burton 1, Prickett 0, Batchelor 2, Todhunter 3, Rust 0, Meale not out 3, Duckor 0, Gibbs 1, extras 8; total 58. Waxham Visitors—O Allingham 7, J Allingham 2, W J Allingham 0, W Allingham 0, A Allingham not out 31, A A Allingham 0, Ritchie 0, H Allingham 1, Martin 0, Miles 5, Baldwin 4, extras 6; total 57.

DR. KNOX'S XI. v. F. JICKLING'S XI.—Played at Smallburgh Hall. F. Jickling's XI.—Goddard b Bird 14, Heathcote b Bird 2, Clark b Bird 7, Airy a Brown b Bird 3, F Jickling run out 2, O Jickling b Bird 2, Ball a Knox b Bird 0, Black c Brown b Black 6, Nutman b Black 0, Kidd not out 1, Chapman b Bird 0, extras 12; total, 48. Dr. Knox's XI.—M Bursand b Goddard 11, Rev C Black b Goddard 3, A Rudd e and b Goddard 12, G Burnand e and b Clark 3, Rev M Bird b Goddard 1, B Smith c Ball b Goddard 8, O Ives c and b Goddard 1, J Anderson b Goddard 0, C Fakenham b Nutman 7, E K Brown c Nutman b Ball 3, Dr Knox not out 0, extras 4; total, 54.

MULBARTON v. HETHERSETT.—Played at Mulbarton on Saturday. Mulbarton—E Dye b Perrett 0, Hammond at Moulder b Perrett 21, B Moulder b Watling 3, G Mutimer b Watling 2, Van Dyke not out 28, Church c Freeman b Hunter 1, Dye b Hunter 0, Debbie c Hunter b Perrett 10, H Mutimer b Moulder 6, H Moulder b Perrett 1, Waite b Moulder 3, extras 5; total 57. Hethersett—Moulder b Van Dyke 0, Freeman b Hammond 0, Watling c Hammond b Van Dyke 16, Perrett c and b Hammond 3, Landaell lbw b Hammond 0, S Hunter c Moulder b Van Dyke 6, Moore not out 12, Webster c Hammond b Van Dyke 1, Alborough c Dye b Van Dyke 0, Blake c and b Moulder 0, Dann lbw b Van Dyke 3, extras 7; total 48.

NORSE REHEAM v. HALL.—Played at Elmham in the Park on Saturday, and resulted in a win for Elmham by 35 runs. The players were again hospitably entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. Elmham Hall—Girling 1, Tolman 28, Wilson 0, Singer 7, Tombiling 6, Last 2, Longley 0, Barford 0, Bayfield 4, Beane 2, Hansell 2, extras 1; total, 47. Elmham—Murray 0, Case 29, F Spurgeon 49, C Spurgeon 0, Goshawk 6, Dawson 2, Bensley 1, F W Kerrison 0, Wade 0, H W Kerrison 5, Howson 6, extras 8; total, 86.

CHIEF FIXTURES FOR TO-DAY.
At Lord's, Middlesex v. Kent.
At Brighton, Sussex v. Surrey.
At Taunton, Somerset v. Gloucestershire.
At Leicester, Leicestershire v. Lancashire.
At Scarborough, Yorkshire v. M. O. C. and Ground (Scarborough Festival commenced).