OXFORD TIMES: SATURDAY 31 AUGUST 1895-2.
SPORTING NOTES.
[By THE CAPTAIN].
THURSDAY.
With the match against Norfolk on Monday and Tuesday, the County have brought the present season to a close. It could, however, hardly be called a satisfactory conclusion as we were thoroughly beaten by some 70 odd runs. Knowing, as many of us do, that cricket talent is no less plentiful in Oxfordshire than in most if not all of the shires which we meet, the question not unnaturally arises why has the County done so poorly? With the exception of the loss to the M.C.C., due to that club putting in a very strong team to have their revenge for last year, the causes of the disasters we have met have been under our own control. I don't mean under the control of any one man, but under that of the players and executive generally apart from the actual play. In this last match, for instance, the eleven was anything but representative, and it was exceedingly creditable to the different members of the team that they made such a good show as they did, and obtained a lead of 15 over the visitors on the first innings. It certainly looks as if some radical change is needed in the methods of working by the executive, and that some means should be found of infusing a little more life into the County Club. As I understand that the averages will not be officially issued till next week I will refrain from saying more at present on this subject.

The Norfolk match was to have taken place at Witney, but the wicket there was found to be not quite fit at present for a county match, so that the venue had to be altered to the Oxford City ground. Norfolk won the toss, and by low but even scoring—the first six men all making double figures—the runs gradually mounted. Later on, Cowles and Blake added 33 and 27, and the total finally stood at 159. Oxfordshire made a fair start, and Wood batted very finely for his 50; Arnold, too, showed some of his best form, in putting together 25, but the most spirited play during the first day was seen while Good and A. Rogers were at the wicket. Both of them hit with freedom and vigour, and it was quite exhilarating to see the amateur repeatedly snicking one of the bowlers to leg. Twenty-seven and 26 are useful scores for ninth and tenth men, and went a good way towards helping the home side to lead by 13 on the first innings.

Going in a second time, the visitors were not so easily disposed of, and Davis especially played fine cricket for his 84. In the end they set the home side 170 to get to win, which was nothing very formidable, considering the bowling, but the wicket by this time was beginning to wear rather badly, and our men proved quite unable to cope with their difficulties. Smith put on 24 by some energetic play, and four others reached double figures, including Holloway, who was unluckily run out when he had obtained 14; still, the final total was only 100, so the home side had to put up with defeat to the tune of 69. The brunt of the bowling fell, as usual, upon the brothers Rogers, Peter taking nine for 157 and "Brusher" ten for 118. King sent down some good overs, but met with no success; he was not, however, given a very large opportunity. I was glad to see Hinton having a trial, and though he did nothing great he did not disgrace himself.

Last week the City were decidedly unfortunate in their matches. Yesterday week they visited Middleton Park to play Lord Jersey's XI. The home side batted first, and chiefly with the help of a capital 59 from C. T. Hoare, ran up a total of 158. The City, on the other hand, could do nothing with the bowling opposed to them, and were all out for 71, and lost five wickets for 13 in the second innings. R. T. Roberts (20) and Buckell (17) were the only two who offered the slightest opposition. The City had a slightly better team when they faced Mr. Tubb's XI, but they could only compile 117, and then their opponents who lost six wickets for 83, went on till they had amassed a total of 245. Towards this Dauglish put together a grand 88, and Polley—a good omen for Cowley—scored 45. The bowling, too, should not have been particularly weak, as both Rogers and Bassett were playing.

Amongst other matches the D. A. C. by means of some consistent batting gained a well-earned victory over St. Paul's; St. Barnabas played a draw with Abingdon; the Oxford Times C.C. had their revenge on the Oxford Chronicle, defeating them by 14 runs; and the Corporation played an exciting match with the Star, but the result does not appear, as I believe one side claims a draw and the other a win.

During the next ten days there will be no lack of cricket interest for local enthusiasts, as during that time the final for the County Cup, the semi-finals for the City Cup, and the final for the same will come off. The semi-finals for the City Cup will be fought between the Star II. and St. Paul's on the Merton ground, and between Cowley II. and the Corporation on the Christ Church ground. In my opinion, none of the teams are as good as the winners in the days before the County Cup, but that is as it should be; still, there are plenty of good cricketers in the teams, and the play in both contests will be decidedly worth watching. St. Paul's have done some pretty good things in their time, and have the useful habit of playing above their form in cup-ties, but they have lost a most valuable man in Fletcher, not only as a useful player, but as one who would do his best to keep the team up to the mark. The Star, on the other hand, are rather an unknown quantity, and have the habit of playing below their form in cup-ties; still, there is no denying the formidable character of many of their players. Turning to the other match, the Corporation have in Nash and Jennings two men who, if in form, are quite capable of beating a pretty good opposing team with little help from their confreres, besides which there are other men in the eleven very well capable of getting both runs and wickets. On the other hand, the holders have been doing rather badly this year, and will not enter the match with the best of spirits. Cowley are a strong batting lot, and on a hard wicket would be formidable; besides, they have not yet been properly extended. The equality of the teams is so great that I rather hesitatingly give for the final—

STAR II. AND CORPORATION.

The final tie for the County Cup will probably prove one of the most interesting local matches ever played here. It is to be hoped the City may be able to get together a thoroughly representative side, but it is to be feared that this may not be accomplished, as several members of the team are at present scattered far and wide through the country. I hear that A. W. Roberts, Browning, Gmelin, Moulder, and Wood are all away, and that it is doubtful whether professional duties will not prevent Day from taking the field. I suppose, however, that, if not all, at any rate most of them will be prevailed upon to appear, and we may look forward to seeing pretty close upon ten county caps taking part on one side or the other. Last year the City rather easily knocked out a pretty strong Cowley XI., but this time not only will Cowley have a stronger team but it is unlikely that the wicket will be quite so much in favour of the batsmen. Therefore, considering that the City are not likely to have quite their best team, I am inclined to pin my faith to
COWLEY.
As regards the Cup itself, it is at present in the hands of Witney, but it will be exhibited for a short while to the public in Oxford before long.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
(On the ground of the first-named).
AUGUST 31st.
Star 2nd XI. v. St. Paul's, on Merton ground (City Cup).
Corporation v. Cowley 2nd XI., on Christ Church ground (City Cup).
City v. M.C.C. (second day).
Headington United v. E.O.C.C.
Headington Hill Hall v. F.O.C.C.
Clarendon Press v. College Servants 2nd XI.
Corporation 2nd XI. v. Clarendon Press 2nd XI.
Star v. St. Barnabas.
E.O.I.C. v. Y.M.C.A.
St. Paul's 2nd XI. v. Headington Quarry 2nd XI.
St. Peter-le-Bailey v. Victoria 2nd XI.
Littlemore Asylum v. Cowley St. John.
Cowley St. John 2nd XI. v. Oxford Temperance.
Littlemore Village v. D.A.C.

SEPTEMBER 2nd.
City v. Cowley, on Magdalen ground (County Cup final).
D.A.C. v. City 2nd XI.
SEPTEMBER 3rd and 4th.
City v. Cowley (second and third days).
SEPTEMBER 5th.
Cowley St. John v. College Servants 2nd XI.
Star v. Victoria.
City v. Henley.
St. Paul's v. E.O.C.C.
Thame v. Cygnets (football).

WITNEY AND DISTRICT CRICKET LEAGUE.
EYNSHAM HALL v. NEWLAND CYGNETS.—This match was played on Saturday, in Eynsham Hall Park, and resulted in an easy win for the home team by eight wickets and seven runs. The brothers W. and A. Church bowled well for the winners, each taking nine wickets at a cost of 27 and 20 runs respectively; the most conspicuous in the field being M. Hawkesworth who, fielding at mid-on brought off three brilliant catches. Score:—

NEWLAND CYGNETS.
1st Innings.           2nd Innings.
T Lewis, b W Church .. 1 b-b-w, b A Church.. 0
T Bull, b A Church    .. 1 b W Church       .. 2
H Brooks, c Hawkesworth, b W Church .. 3 c Hawkesworth, b W Church .. 0
E Scarrott, b A Church .. 6 b W Church       .. 0
A Haley, b W Church   .. 3 b A Church       .. 0
F Webley, b A Church  .. 0 c and b A Church.. 2
H Moss, c Hawkesworth, b A Church .. 6 c W Church, b A Church .. 0
M Cantwell, b-b-w, b A Church .. 0 b W Church       .. 10
T Miles, run out      .. 5 b W Church       .. 0
T Milman, run out     .. 0 b W Church       .. 0
H Lewis, not out      .. 4 not out           .. 6
Byes, etc.            .. 5 Byes, etc.       .. 3
Total                 .. 32 Total            .. 24

EYNSHAM HALL PARK.
1st Innings.           2nd Innings.
W Church, c Lewis, b Silman .. 5 not out          .. -
W England, c Miles, b Silman.. 6                  .. 0
W Beal, b Silman      .. 5
H Dix, b Silman       .. 1 run out          .. 1
A Church, b Scarrott  .. 10
M Hawkesworth, c Lewis, b Scarrott .. 3 not cut .. 9
J Tunnicliffe, run out .. 6
J Adams, b Ball, b Silman .. 2
W Parks, b Silman     .. 1
W Short not out       .. 5
W Beckley, c Moss, b Scarrott .. 0 c Scarrott, b Silman .. 2
Byes, etc             .. 5 Byes, etc          .. 2
Total                 .. 49 Total            .. 14

ANALYSIS OF THE BOWLING.
NEWLAND CYGNETS.
O. M. R. W.           O. M. R. W.
W Church 10 1 19 3    W Church 10 6 2 9
A Church 9 2 8 7 5    A Church 9 3 13 4