STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-4.

poor start, Basham being bowled without scoring. Price and Lyons then got together, and hit up some runs, but when a parting was effected, the remainder of the wickets fell rapidly, the wickets being drawn for 63 runs, and seven men out. Bagshaw took four wickets for 33, and Parr two for 10.

Leek Highfield Second played Oatmanor Second at Leek on Saturday and won by 21 runs. Leek batted first, the highest scorers being Morley and Bishop. The total realised 62. Johnson took five wickets for 12 runs. The visitors replied with 42. Rylone was not out 15. W. Broster took seven wickets for 11 runs.

Leek Church Club were engaged on Monday in a League fixture with Dignall End, and lost. The game should have been a draw.

CLOUGH HALL.

The Thursday's team against Bucknall Church were again successful. It would appear so far that this team is stronger than that of the Second League team, and yet it has not the same opportunities for practice. Bucknall had little luck at the commencement of the game, and but for the staying powers of Torrington would have made a very slow show. The last-man played a slow but sure game, and was not out for 17. Warburton and Taskin both bowled well, and the visitors were disposed of for 44 runs. Thursday would appear to have been Warburton's day, and he was ably supported by Wrights when wielding the bat, and the match was won with the loss of two wickets for 43, though play was afterwards continued until Clough score had risen to 68. On Monday the club were successful in their competition against Audley, but it was evident that the attractions at the Hall drew away the spectators from the match. To-day the team has the pleasure of meeting Stone club, and it is to be hoped that it will prove successful. It is quite time that it did so, since in the earlier matches of the season its efforts were futile.

HANLEY Y.M.C.A.

Two matches and two victories in one week is good business. A Thursday team having been formed they played their first match on May 30th against Stoke Post Office. The Y.M.C.A. at the score of 103 for two wickets declared their innings closed, Hardwicke and Salmon scoring with 57 (not out) and 20 (not out) respectively to their credit. The Post Office were all got out for 57, leaving us winners by the handsome majority of eight wickets and 46 runs. For the Post Office, Boellmann (9), Shirley (13), and Rigby (9) were the highest contributors. On Saturday last we visited Fenton to play our return match with Mount Pleasant. We were rather surprised, however, to find they had such a poor second considering that Allinson matches have to be played thereon, but we played the match nevertheless, and after an exciting game won by 10 runs, the totals reading: Y.M.C.A., 61; Fenton, 51. For the Y.M.C.A., Hardwicke (24) and Salmon (11) were again the highest scorers, while in the Second analysis was: Hardwicke six for 17; Farry, two for 5; and Richardson two for 18.

CREWE.

For two weeks rain has interfered with two of the most important fixtures on the Alexandra list, and it is still a mystery whether Crewe have beaten Nantwich, or whether Leek would have knocked the champions off their perch. Still the fact remains that the Macclesfield had made 111, while Crewe had lost four of their very best bats for 32.

Judging from the remarks which have been made by the Crewe contingent, it would appear they had a most enjoyable outing in the Macclesfield, and I venture to predict that it would not take much persuasion to entice them into that district again. They speak highly of their drive to Dovestails, and also for the hospitality they received at the hands of the Leek cricketers, who did everything to make their visit a convivial one. I am given to understand "Little Jerry" was the recipient of a hearty vote of thanks for his assiduous attention towards his guests.

Speaking from a cricket point of view, the most successful man on the Crewe side appears to be Riley, who certainly distinguished himself as a bowler on Saturday against Leek. He took seven wickets for 28 runs, while on Monday against Highfield he was also responsible for five wickets for 20 runs. The others have not done anything extraordinary.

THE ALEXANDRA "A" TEAM.

If there was any doubt existing as to the merits of either the Alexandra "A" team or the Athletics, I should imagine this has been removed, for the Alexandra fairly got the upper hand of their opponents in a friendly match, played on the ground of the former. The backing of the homesters was the feature of the play, and the score which was obtained by S. Fleet is worthy of recognition. He became completely master of the situation, and by hitting out right and left he managed to get 53 (not out), when the innings was declared closed at 138 for eight wickets. Bolshaw also made 34 in good style, while Johnson (25) and Boardman (23) also rendered material resistance towards the big total. The visitors commenced very badly, as seven wickets fell in rapid succession; but when W. Meckley and Hayes got together a stubborn stand was made. Twenty-four runs were completed during their association. Still they were all dismissed for 55, and the Alexandra "A" team won very easily. The Permanent Way had no fixture.

The High Town Wesleyans opposed the Primitives on the latter's ground, and got slightly the worst of the argument, as the home representatives knocked up 56 for six wickets, and closed their innings, Clackin being not out 31, and Burkill 10. The Wesleyans had also lost six wickets for 43 when stumps were drawn, leaving the match incomplete.

The Hightown "A" team secured a very easy victory over Betley "A" eleven, as the villagers only managed to get 43 during their term of office, Mattocks, Bailey, and Mr. Extras being responsible for 19 each. When the Hightowners got to work they soon settled the question who were the best exponents, and C. Foster, playing good all-round cricket, piled on 65 before he was dismissed. F. Johnson 13, and J. Septon 7, also batted well for their respective scores.

The Congregational made a very creditable draw with the Salt Union at Winsford, as the Crewe contingent made 52, of which F. Farnworth 19, and C. Holding 12, were the principal contributors. The Salts had lost seven wickets for 47 when time was called.

Mr. Abraham, the financial secretary of the Alexandra Club, has just issued his annual financial statement and report for the past year. From a brief perusal it would appear that this important club is in a flourishing state. Last year the balance carried forward was £51 5s. 11d., while on the present occasion the balance is £119 6s. 5d. This is a matter for congratulation, as no club or organisation can expect to prosper without good financial prospects, which can only be obtained by good management, and this is one especial feature in the history of the Crewe Alexandra Club.

Don't forget the Alexandra sports next week. There will be several important encounters, the presence of Charley Bradley, the English champion, and A. R. Downer, the Scottish champion in the 100 yards' scratch, will be worth witnessing; while E. C. Bredin, the half-mile champion, and other high-class luminaries in the athletic world should make the forthcoming festival of the Crewe Alexandra one of the best yet held.

BIGNALL END.

This club had no League fixture last Saturday, the vacancy being filled up by the League team playing twenty-two members of the Wesleyan adult class, which is composed of players out of both Bignall End and the Audley clubs. J. White, the hon. sec. of the home club, and a member of the adult class, had charge of the twenty-two. The League team won the toss and decided to bat, E. Mayer and W. Mayr going to the wickets to oppose the bowling of White and Taylor. A good start was made, 25 being scored before the first wicket fell. The League team all batted well, compiling 111 runs before they were disposed, several bowlers were tried and all came in for their share of punishment. The adult class then commenced to bat, and G. Burgess (captain) and E. Mayer shared the bowling, W. Silvester going behind the wickets. Before any runs were scored H. Fox was run out, and the next three wickets fell for 1 run to G. Burgess, who clean bowled them in two overs. The whole lot were disposed of for 27 runs. George Burgess taking twelve wickets for 10 runs.

On Whit-Monday the hon. sec. had wisely arranged for the team to journey to Leek to play the League fixture with Church club. A good number of supporters to accompany the team. The Church club had not lost a match previous to last Monday for two seasons. We won the toss, and sent the usual pair, W. Mayer and E. Mayer in to bat, the bowling being shared by Matthews and Byrne. A good start was made, 25 being scored before the first wicket fell. E. Mayer was bowled with an easy ball by Milner, for a well played 17. G. Burgess, captain, joined the vice-captain, and both batsmen treated the spectators to a bit of grand batting. Several chances of lowering their place, but to no avail. It was knocked all over the field, and the score rose to 73 before a separation was effected. G. Burgess succumbed to a catch by Byrne off Milner for a well played 28. E. Mayer was unfortunately run out when he had scored 23 by good cricket, being one of the first men in and fifth out. E. Johnson and T. Burgess now became partners, and another stand was made, the bowling being severely punished by T. Burgess, who made some big hits and caused the 100 to go up amid loud cheers. E. Johnson contributed 11, and T. Burgess was top scorer for 40. The innings realised 143, the highest score on the ground for a long time.

The home team commenced with Matthews and Byrne. T. Burgess and J. Dale shared the bowling. With the total 4, Matthews joined in front of the stumps, and was hit with the ball from the fast bowler, and was sent home. The next fellow who made the runs. Wood made 10, and then was well bowled by T. Burgess. Byrne could get no one to stay with him long. He played a good game, and would have batted till now if the others had followed his example. He played a not out game for 33. The innings realised 50. The score of 143 was too large for them, and it was very evident that the Church club wanted to make a draw.

On Whit-Wednesday we had as visitors Congleton Forge Mills, who are a popular team at Bignall End. They were not fully represented, Wild (captain) and one or two others being absentees. There were a good number of spectators present. The visitors won the toss, and decided to bat. T. Cliffe and W. Smeed going to the wickets to oppose the bowling of T. Burgess and J. Dale. With the total at 4 Smeed was caught by Rowley, off Dale, for 2. The innings realised 48, the top scorers being T. Cliffe (18) and J. Lomas (11). I am sorry to chronicle an accident that befell the hon. sec. of the Forge Mills Club (T. Cliffe), who received a severe blow to the eye from a ball that got up from the fast bowler. He was batting in splendid style, and had contributed 18 when he was hit. He was led off the field, and had the injury attended to, and left it home on the 4.20 train. We all sincerely hope that he will soon recover from the effects, and that he will soon again be found in the Forge Mills team.

The home team were represented at the wickets by W. Mayer and E. Mayr. A good start was made, 15 being scored before E. Mayr was bowled by Bradley. J. Dale joined W. Mayer, and a good batting performance was witnessed. They punished the bowling severely, and a separation was not effected till the Forge Mills score had been passed by 20 runs. The telegraph board read 68—2—21, W. Mayer making the latter number in good style. J. Dale played well for 33, T. Burgess for 20, Silvester for 13 (not out), and George Burgess for 12. The innings realised 116, and the home team won their third Whituntside match by 66 runs.

In three matches played this Whituntside Bignall End have totalled 365 runs, which is a splendid performance. After partaking of refreshments at the headquarters of the club, the Forge Mills team treated us to a miscellaneous concert, which was heartily enjoyed by all present. One of the team was called upon to sing "After the ball," but he quickly remarked "Enough of that; I have been after it all the afternoon."

MACCLESFIELD.

I like Sandbach. There is a quaintness about its figures and surroundings that lends a familiarity which always makes a visit pleasant. Moreover its ground and surroundings are eminently suited for followers of our summer sport. Mr. Sam, Mr. Peacock, or anyone else who has had the good fortune to be placed at square leg from the top wicket will readily bear me out. The amount of speed a fielder can put into a sprint after a ball towards the Wheatsheaf is astonishing.

It was a sorrowful party which left Macclesfield, home, and beauty, westward bound, on Saturday at 4.30, for Hoppy, the pride and flower of the team, was minus. Sam was ditto, but the news of the latter's absence having been broken to the team early in the week the edge of the grief was blunted. An air of indefinite and melancholy mystery hung around, and on the way Nature, in a sympathetic mood, wept with us for the loss of the missing ones.

Now if there is one pleasant sensation in all the world it is that of riding in an open brake when it is raining. It lends tolerancing zest to life. The preliminary canter on the part of J. Parnass was, however, soon over, for he was saving his strength for the last burst.

The familiar figure of the genial W.M.L. strolling up to the wicket, followed by Armistead, beckaled the loss of the two by Macclesfield. Last year after a pattern of an innings Latham had the bad luck to be captured at 43. I therefore hied me towards the ladder at square-leg, and came back in half an hour fully expecting our friend to be working at it still. And so he was, but not in the fashion I had anticipated. Twice in Trudd's first over Latham landed him to the boundary, but when Frost took up position she took of determination round his mouth boded evil. With his first ball he disembowelled Armistead's limbs as clean as a whistle, with the score at 5. A few byes followed the arrival of Ferrand, and for a little time matters looked better. Sutton, rationally, Ton was telegraphed, and then Trudd set his field for a catch—and got it himself, Ferrand returning his ball right into Trudd's hands. Both the next hitters came out for a duck, and at the fall of the fourth wicket 22 runs only had been scored. When Lawrenson joined Latham the score was given another lift, but had only advanced by 10 when Latham succumbed to Trudd after a nice innings of 14.

The mental calculation one usually indulges in at this period of an innings, four wickets down for 28, eight for 40, and so forth, proved somewhat unreliable, for both Lawrenson and Sheffield settled down to business, and put up the score at a better rate steadily. Before a dissolution was effected another 15 had been telegraphed, but even this, with the 7 by Burton, which followed, did not materially affect the forecast. It fell to Marriott to help the team out of the difficulty, and he did it right manfully. A single off Trudd was followed by a boundary, and then, after a few feints, just to see how the bowling would stand, he landed a beauty to Hodgon in quick succession. Hodgson also had a merry innings whilst it lasted, and Peacock, who had been put on for a change bowler, had four boundaries hit off him in his first four overs. At 5.20 the century was telegraphed, amidst hearty applause, and I began to wonder what was wrong with the mental calculation before referred to. Heslop was the last batter in, and had just managed two couples and a boundary, when Compton captured a long drive off Marriott's, and brought the innings to a close for 115, of which Marriott's total of 38 stood out as an easy first in the way of scoring.

One hundred and fifteen to bat against. Think of that ye cricketers in front of your pavilions, the courageous spirit of the team which went in with a determination to top it, or die in the, &c., &c. Had Mr. Sam been there, or even Hoppy as a push, the task would have been thought an easy one, but with the backbones of the batting out, courage began to ooze out at the finger ends.

Mr. Frank Shardlow (the Essex colt) joined Johnson at the wickets. Our colts only made one hit, but it was a good one, and up went the bails. Any increase had been made Shardlow's ball went up and, unfortunately, Heslop was there, and stuck to it, and Frank came back looking duggone. It was unfortunate, and, indeed, he seems to have been having a run of bad luck lately.

Plant filled the vacancy, and our score began to look healthy. Johnston gave us a qualm a time or two, but while there was life there was hope, and he settled down steadily after a warning or two. Plant, however, got most of the runs, and in about fifteen minutes 20 was telegraphed. It was then Plant's turn to do the pavilion march, and he retired caught out by Dannatt for 14. Two wickets for 22. After Sam and Hoppy, the men batting in Wright, and undoubtedly Porter has a style which always takes no beating about the bush; but if there are any runs hanging round Peter planks down his money, and they are his. A nice cheerful drizzle had set in, not enough to stop play, but yet enough to make all not under cover uncomfortable. After a little desultory play, Peter caused quite a flutter by landing Lawrenson for a boundary. There was nothing startling in this, but after another one had gone in the same direction, Sandbach thought it advisable to try a change of bowlers. They did so and put Heslop on. Heslop has a peculiar style of bowling all round themselves. It is, however, effective, for when in a good vein he spread-eagled Peter's stumps much to that gentleman's disgust, and to the delight of the spectators. This made the third wicket for 44, as against the third wicket for 18 for Sandbach. And still it rained.

Trudd went in with a smile, notwithstanding the rain, and gently played Heslop for a boundary. Johnson still stuck at it, and although rather slow, kept running up and down for Trudd. Trudd did not come up to expectations, and after another couple failed to get under one of Heslop's deliveries, slipped it into Dannatt's hands, and retired.

Captain Shardlow still batting at the wickets, still it rained, and 60 went up. An unfortunate incident happened at this period Johnstone who had been batting all the innings was tempted out of his crease. He had been badly knocked about during the afternoon, and was too stiff to recover himself in time. The result was that he lost his bail and retired. Rothwell was next in but had only increased the score by a couple when rain stopped play with the score at 73 for four wickets.