NEWCASTLE DAILY JOURNAL: THURSDAY 11 JULY 1895.

CRICKET NOTES.
(By "CUSTOS.")
We are frequently told that what spectators like to see are batsmen who make things lively for the bowlers; and, if this is really so, those who saw the game between Captain Nicholls' and Mr Bewicke's teams would enjoy themselves. Though both Mr. Thompson and Butler played exceptionally well, their performances were quite overshadowed by the doings of George Simpson, who, after taking seven wickets for 41 runs, scored 177, and was not out at the close. So far as I could see, Simpson never made a bad stroke until he had reached his hundred, and the chance he gave to Butler at 110 was a difficult one for the fielder to judge. The hitting was, as is usual with Simpson, beautifully timed and clean, and none of the bowlers seemed to give him any trouble, though Walters almost bowled him second ball. Thompson's 82 was a capital display of steady cricket; and Butler's 52 was obtained in his best style. There was a large gathering of spectators in the field, and after such an interesting game we may expect good crowds at the Constabulary Ground throughout the remainder of the season.

So far this season the Rev E. W. R. Walters has played in five matches for Mr Bewicke's team, and has an average of over 120 runs per innings. More power to his elbow, say I.

Who is the very superior young man who writes on Northumberland cricket for "P's" Jackson's paper? In his opinion there is only one good team—the Borders—in the county, and but one competent critic of the game—himself. If rumour speaks the truth, it is a well-known member of a prominent local club, who some years ago came from the south with a great reputation as a bowler; but with each succeeding season his reputation has grown less, until now, not being able to score off his opponents on the field with either bat or ball, he has taken to the pen, in the hope, I suppose, of playing a winning game. Northumberland batsmen may not be Graces nor Stoddarts; but they are able to hold their own with the bowlers which south have, up to now, sent us, if we take the Borders' "Knight of the pen" as a specimen.

It is pure moonshine for any one to talk of the Borders as representing the best cricketing talent in the county; and no difficulty would be experienced in getting together a much stronger eleven than they put into the field. In fact, what victories they have gained here have been chiefly over school boys; and were the next team chosen to play for Northumberland probably only one Borderer—R Spence—would be sure of a place in it. At the present time several prominent county gentlemen are trying to improve cricket in these parts. Towards this end they are inviting strong southern teams to visit them; and sarcastic remarks about those connected with the game, and the players, from the pen of the Borders' superior young man will not help them much. Perhaps, after all, it is not county so much as afternoon tea party cricket that this critic patronises, while his own falling off in bowling he attributes to the weakness of local batsmen, as he can only bowl well against good men. What a pity he cannot play in the south.

Some time ago a committee was formed with the intention of resuscitating county cricket in Northumberland, but as the Corporation have refused to grant a field, and negotiations with landowners for one have fallen through, Mr R. O. Mortimer will, I believe, call a general meeting shortly, and lay the matter before it.

I notice that the Elswick Works Club has fixed their match with Benwell on July 27 as a "lady's" benefit game. A more capable and painstaking professional cannot be found than Clay, and as a player he ranks among the best in the north. His bowling has pulled the club through many of their engagements, and I am sure every member will do his best to increase the fund to be handed over to their professional, who, by his ability on the field and conduct off, does as much as any one connected with it to uphold its honour and dignity.

I hope my readers will not forget that the game between South Northumberland and Elswick Works, at Gosforth, on Saturday, is for the benefit of the professional Hoodband. This player is certainly one of the best we have ever had in the North of England, and deserves a bumper gate.

On Saturday Stockton visited Darlington, and, thanks to M'Donald's 75 not out, defeated the home team easily. Lieut. Coates had another day out against Durham School, and had hard lines in missing his century by 7 runs; while his batting was followed up by some good bowling on the part of Ferguson. The meeting between South Shields and Tynemouth for Copeland's benefit, furnished some good cricket, but ended in a draw. Walmsley could do little with the bowling of Simpson (5 for 13) and Goodband (4 for 12) and were all out for 31. What was the matter with North Durham on Saturday? Did they all get the "hump" together, for there was certainly something wrong with them. For six of them to go down without scoring requires some explanation.

Sunderland, though they succeeded in beating Consett as Consett, could do no better than draw on Saturday at Sunderland; though has the full five hours were not played I believe they intend to claim the match. One of the best performances of the day was that of Eley in the match against the Royal Grammar School; for after taking seven wickets for 14 runs he came out top scorer of his side with a well-played 30. Up to the beginning of this month he had got 57 wickets for less than 6 runs each—a bowling feat that will take some beating.

St. George's and Northumberland met on Saturday, in fine weather, before a small gate. Northumberland batted first, and were got rid of very cheaply for 113. Moss took five wickets; Bell, three; and V. Thompson, two for 1 run. Hoare batted well for 38. On St. George's going in a complete rot took place, and they were all out in less than an hour for 38. Not the best form was shown. Everyone seemed to think that because Thompson got a duck there was no necessity for their getting any either. This won't do. Their cricket cannot come off every time, and the rest of the team must make up their minds to do a fair share in the run getting. The fielding on both sides was very good.

CONSTABLE BURTON v. DARLINGTON.
This match was played at Darlington yesterday.
Score :—
CONSTABLE BURTON.
Parke, b Lees ... 2
Woodhouse, b Marsden ... 16
Crossley, b Marsden ... 10
Sharpe, b Marsden ... 8
Blackenbury, b Marsden ... 33
Ward, b Marsden ... 30
Taylor, b Lees ... 35
Sharples, b Marsden ... 16
Hutchinson, b M. w. b Lees ... 12
Stockdale, b Marsden ... 0
McLaren, not out ... 0
Extras ... 7
Total ... 165

DARLINGTON.
H Green, c Parke, b Taylor ... 1
W Faulder, b Taylor ... 1
R Robinson, b Sharpe ... 62
W Atkinson, b Taylor ... 0
M Marsden, b Sharpe ... 79
J Lees, b Sharpe ... 6
C Simpson, c Parke, b Sharpe ... 0
A Robinson, b Sharpe ... 13
J Robinson, c Crossley, b Sharpe ... 42
J Sinclair, not out ... 7
J Walker, b Sharpe ... 11
Extras ... 11
Total ... 232

BELSAY v. WOOLSINGTON.
At Woolsington, and resulted in a win for the visitors.
Score:—
BELSAY.
A G Firth, b w, b Walsham ... 8
W J Robson, c sub, b Walsham ... 0
R Tulip, b Worth ... 21
A Pullan, run out ... 42
T Davison, b full, b Walsham ... 0
T W Atkinson, b Worth ... 0
H Fye, c O'Levy, b Walsham ... 1
W Richardson, b Walsham ... 9
P Boon, b Walsham ... 0
E Best, c Bell, b Walsham ... 0
G McNair, not cut ... 0
Extras ... 11
Total ... 108

WOOLSINGTON.
C Olevly, c Fullan, b Atkinson ... 0
J Kipling, b Fullan ... 1
C L Bell, b Pullan ... 11
J U Walsham, c Atkinson, b Pullan ... 1
O M Core, c Richardson, b Atkinson ... 15
W Pearson, b Atkinson ... 3
W Hunter, run out ... 2
T Worth, b Atkinson ... 6
E Rochester, c Davidson, b Atkinson ... 5
T W Pearson, b Pullan ... 0
T White, not put ... 0
Extras ... 6
Total ... 45

CONSETT WEDNESDAY v. CHESTER-LE-STREET WEDNESDAY.
Beautiful weather favoured this match, which came off at Chester-le-Street yesterday. Both teams were fairly strong, especially in bowling, which held the upper hand all through—a fact in great part due to the crumbling wicket. Child batted well for the home club; while James and Joseph Andrews batted and bowled in good form for Consett, who won an interesting game by 17 runs.
Score:—
CONSETT AND DISTRICT WEDNESDAY.
F Richardson, b Child ... 2
James, c Champness, b Child ... 19
Joseph Andrews, c Morgan, b Speed ... 15
J O Wilson, c and b Child ... 3
Tom Jones, b Henry ... 11
J Murphy, b Child ... 3
W Foggan, b Child ... 1
M T Milburn, c Coxon, b Henry ... 11
Dr Dawson, b Henry ... 6
R Marshall, c Donlan, b Child ... 0
J G Marshall, not out ... 12
Extras ... 12
Total ... 95

CHESTER LE-STREET WEDNESDAY.
W Speed, c Milburn, b James ... 5
E Coxon, c James, b Andrews ... 3
Champness, c Dawson, b Andrews ... 1
Child, c J Marshall, b Andrews ... 29
W Henry, b James ... 1
T R Hall, b Richardson ... 2
J W Morgan, c James, b Andrews ... 5
J Donlan, c R Marshall, b Richardson ... 9
W B Teasck, l b w, b Richardson ... 0
O Gray, b Andrews ... 0
J Cowling, not out ... 0
Extras ... 7
Total ... 66

CRICKET.
Shields St. Johns, 54; Tyne Dock 2nd, 58.
Lanchester v Burnopside Hall.—At Lanchester, and resulted in a win for the visitors. Score:—Lanchester, 33; Burnopside Hall, 78.
Hamsteels v Langley Park.—At Langley Park, and resulted in an easy victory for the home team, eight of whom reached double figures. A Bailes batted well for the losers, and J B Johnson took eight wickets for 54 runs.
Score:—
HAMSTEELS.
A Bailes, b J Lowes ... 28
A Dodds, run out ... 4
J R Johnson, c and b F Moss ... 3
J Johnston, c J Lowes ... 5
G Fordham, b G Lowes ... 4
W Appleby, lbw, b F Eccleston ... 1
R Parkes, c F Lowes ... 5
G Richardson, run out ... 6
T Jones, c Morland ... 1
W Bailes, b T Eccleston ... 3
H Gray, not out ... 6
Extras ... 6
Total ... 70

LANGLEY PARK.
J Lowes, b J H Johnson ... 25
T Eccleston, b J B Johnson ... 13
H Peel, c & b J B Johnson ... 4
T Morland, b J Johnston ... 4
J R Moss, b J B Johnson ... 7
Dr Graham, b J B Johnson ... 16
F Nixon, b Parkes ... 2
F Moss, b J B Johnson ... 33
F E Eccleston, b J B Johnson ... 18
J Peel, b J B Johnson ... 0
G Lowes, not out ... 17
Extras ... 8
Total ... 168

Hetton Wednesday v Sunderland Licensed Victuallers.
At Hetton, and resulted in a win for the home team. Score:—Sunderland, 61; Hetton, 90.
Hamsteels 2nd v Cornsay 2nd.—At Hamsteels, and resulted in an easy victory for the home team. Score:—Hamsteels 2nd, 49; Cornsay 2nd, 24.
MR BEWICKE'S XI. v. NORTHERN NOMADS.
A two days' match between these teams commenced on the Close House Ground on Tuesday, and finished yesterday in a decisive victory for Mr Bewicke's eleven by an innings and 66 runs. Batting first on Tuesday, the home team made 264, the Rev E W R Walters playing a fine innings of 67; while Guttridge and Captain Wilkinson had hard for 55 and 45 respectively. After the Nomads had commenced well with Clayton and Mortimer, Guttridge and Walters quickly disposed of several of the other batsmen, and it was not until F Ashworth and Morton came together that a second effective stand was made. Both played steadily, but none of the others could do anything with the bowling, and the side were all out for 149. Following on, they fared badly against Guttridge and A A Newburn, the professional getting four wickets for 32 runs, while Newburn's four only cost 16 runs. The innings realised 49, F Ashworth and Clayton alone reaching double figures. Score:—
MR BEWICKE'S XI.—1st innings.
A A Newburn, b Jordan ... 9
Butler, c Clayton, b Jordan ... 2
Rev E W R Walters, c Armstrong, b Mortimer ... 67
Captain Wilkinson, c P Ashworth, b Mortimer ... 45
Guttridge, c F Ashworth, b Mortimer ... 55
A J Robertson, c Morton, b Mortimer ... 6
C Bewicke, b Morton ... 3
H J Salmon, c Past, b Mortimer ... 7
C Perkins, c and b Severn ... 20
Farmer, b Clayton ... 15
H C King, not out ... 4
Extras ... 31
Total ... 264

NORTHERN NOMADS.
1st innings.
F O H Clayton, b Guttridge ... 21
H G Mortimer, b Guttridge ... 12
H R Severn, b Walters ... 6
J Jerry Fast, b Guttridge ... 0
P Ashworth, b Guttridge ... 40
H G Armstrong, b Walters ... 0
O Jordan, b Walters ... 0
P H Morton, b Robertson ... 29
J K Ashworth, b Robertson ... 0
W Garnett, b Guttridge ... 8
R B Hoare, not out ... 3
Extras ... 28
Total ... 149

2nd innings.
b Guttridge ... 10
b Guttridge ... 6
c and b Guttridge ... 6
c Farmer, b Newburn ... 2
c Butler, b Newburn ... 14
c Butler, b Newburn ... 4
run out ... 4
not out ... 0
b Salmon, b Newburn ... 0
b Newburn ... 0
absent
Extras ... 1
Total ... 49