DUNSTABLE BOROUGH GAZETTE: WEDNESDAY 14 AUGUST 1895 - 4.

OUR CAPTAIN.
MR L. C. R. THRING.
If there is one man to whom, more than others, Bedfordshire cricket owes its revival, and we might almost say its modern birth, that man is the genial and popular Head-master of the Dunstable Grammar School, Mr L. C. R. Thring. When, in 1888, the subject of our sketch took up his residence in our midst, the term "cricket" was practically a misnomer for the game which was played in what has often been called the "sleepy county." Save for the amateurish expeditions with which we were favoured on our village greens, and the but little better exhibitions given by our town clubs, "ye manly olde game" had died a natural death. There was then no county cricket club, we could boast few really decent wielders of the willow, and as a county we were far in the rear as regarded England's national game. But better times were coming. Such a benighted state of affairs was intolerable to the indefatigable and energetic spirit whose life at that time became interwoven with ours, and not many months elapsed ere we humble Bedfordshire folk saw that a renaissance was dawning. Space will not permit us to follow minutely our worthy leader in his herculean task of reviving the all but dead pastime, suffice it to say that, mainly through his persistent efforts and untiring zeal, the game became once more established, the County Cricket Club was formed, and a county team of which from the first we have had cause to be proud, was put into the field.

Bearing these historical facts in mind, we came to the conclusion that a short biographical sketch of "our captain" would be of the greatest interest to our readers, and, fully intent on "button-holing" the ardent cricketer, we wended our way the other evening to the scene where he and such like spirits do congregate together. It was after a hard day's work behind the wickets, and when those tyrannical white-coated gentlemen had, to the relief of all parties concerned, reluctantly pocketed the balls, that we spotted our victim stalking in his manly, characteristic strides across the sodden turf. A neatly executed détour, and various winding oscillatory movements at last brought us into close quarters, and then, boldly running him to earth, with a decidedly menacing and aggressive air, we whipped out our note-book and pencil.

What a perfect horror some of our public favourites have of the interviewing fiend! And to what lengths will they not go in vain endeavours to avoid him? Thus it was with the subject of our sketch. Poor fellow! Had he but known half the uncanny means which Pressmen may call to their aid in order to attain their ends, he would at once have assumed that docile, martyr-like expression, and submitted like a gentleman to the trying ordeal.

"Ah, yes! I know what you want," (with a ghastly attempt at a smile). "I first saw the light at Uppingham in 1862, and from there——"
"Half-a-minute, please. You were living at Uppingham——"
"With my father, the Rev J. C. Thring, who was then Head Master of the Uppingham Grammar School. We remained there until I was two years of age, when we left for Bradford in Wiltshire."
"And your early education?"
"My earliest education was derived from my father. At nine years of age I returned to the Uppingham School, where the next four years of my life were spent. I left there at the time of the fever, and at 13 I was sent to Marlborough."
"It was here, I believe, you first learned cricket?"
"Quite so. Of course I had previously handled both bat and ball, but it was at Marlborough that I was grounded in the game. I met with fairly good success, and at 17 I was in the eleven."
"When did you play your first county cricket?"
"In 1880. I was playing in the Wiltshire team, and we were pitted against South Wales. I believe in my first innings I knocked up 20, but in my second venture only four came to my credit."
"But that was pretty good for a colt. From Marlborough you went to Cambridge?"
"Yes, that year I went to Cambridge, but I did very little at cricket there."
We knew the reason. It was our victim's innate modesty which led him to seek to hide the truth from us. But those who know anything about L. C. R.'s brilliant career at Cambridge will easily guess that he had very little time to waste over leather-beating. But we let him have his way, and assuming an innocent look, continued:
"And where after Cambridge?"
"After leaving Cambridge I took a mastership at Wellingborough Grammar Schools. There I played a great deal of cricket. The masters' eleven was an exceptionally strong team. I went as master to Wellingborough in 1884, and I made more runs at Wellingborough than in any other period of my cricketing career."
"What was your top score there?"
"Well, as far as I can remember, it was when we were playing the Olney team. That day I scored 94!"
"Ah, yes; and that is when you 'hit the top' as uncle Jonathan says. But now I think we will come to scenes nearer home."
"As you please. I came here in 1888. Soon afterwards the County Club was formed, and I have been hon sec. and captain of the team from its start."

This was really exasperating. We had hoped to hear the "governor's" account of how he brought about that happy state of affairs, and here he was glossing it over without a word about himself. But our victim was already showing signs of uneasiness, and fearing lest we should prematurely lose our prey, we waived the point.
"Is it not a fact that you have been at the top of our county batting averages every year since the club's inauguration?"
"That is quite so. My best performance in county cricket was last year, when we were trying conclusions with the M.C.C. I went in first on that occasion, and played through the whole of the innings, my record at the end being 127 not out."
"I believe you once saw F. W. Maude give a brilliant display of batting?"
"Yes. I was playing for Wiltshire against the M.C.C. when Maude made a century in each innings against us. In that match I met with my greatest success as a bowler. Eight wickets fell to my share for 40 runs, and this out of a total of 200 up against us."
"Which do you consider your best county season?"
"Well, taken as a whole, I think last year was about the best I have had yet. At one time last season I had made 650 runs for once out. I have not had such good luck this year."
But the subject of our sketch was fast becoming unmanageable. Making a desperate fight to the end we rapidly fired off our remaining questions:
"Height, did you say? Well I am 5ft. 6in. I weigh about 11 stone, and really by nature I am not too inquisitive."
We took the gentle hint, and cordially thanking our genial captain for his courtesy, we departed.
A. W. M.