STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 3 AUGUST 1895-3.

CREWE.
The weather again put a stop to everything. The first eleven journeyed to Fenton, but were unable to finish operations, owing to the pre-vailing elements. Still it would appear that the home club did not have a very long stay at the wickets, as 59 is not a very big score to get, even on a wet wicket. Without Billy Turner's score of 15, the Fenton total would have appeared insignificant; but still it enhances the quality of the bowling, which was true and well delivered. The analysis of Riley was by far the best, as he was responsible for five wickets, at a cost of 7 runs. It will not be surprising to learn that in the course of another day or so he has received some honour in a tangible form as a recognition for his efforts to get rid of his opponents.
The Crewe team did not bat, but what they missed at cricket they made up in conviviality, as they speak highly of the treatment that was meted out to them by the members of the Fenton club.
I have just heard that the League meeting has taken place, and that Crewe got nothing. Did they expect anything? Certainly not; but it is gratifying to note that a by-law has been passed which will practically mean notifying that a game has commenced without the players leaving the pavilion. There is every appearance of Crewe being weeded from the list by strategy, for undue means have been taken by ringleaders to secure level points out of the matches played.

The weather did not clear up, and neither side seemed to wish it would, so at six o'clock the villagers started home. It rained and poured, but no one took any notice. Nobody mentioned cricket, and nobody needed, because none had been seen, or attempted; and this ended one of the most sham and melancholy functions I have ever seen the death of.
The attitude of Brookhall Church renders comment undesirable. An explanation is wanted.

CONGLETON.
The Forge Mills and Alsager have fought many battles during their career, and I should say that victories were about equally divided, for if we defeat them at Congleton, they generally manage to take it out of us at Alsager.
Last Saturday saw the first encounter this season, when history again repeated itself, as Alsager proved the victors on their own meadow. They have yet to come to Congleton and—but I won't predict. No cricketers need to be told it was a wet day. They were fairly in it. The Forge was minus four of their regular players, viz., Wild, Beckley, Isaac Marshall, and Johnson, and undertook the journey with nine players, two substitutes being supplied on the ground. Alsager won the toss, and began their innings with Fidduck and Dudson, James and Bradley being the bowlers. Fidduck was caught by James in Bradley's first over, with 4 runs on only, which had been scored by the other batsman. This let in Copey, and to Dudson and Copey the victory of Alsager certainly belongs. The partnership realised 53 runs, which was not dissolved until a double chance of bowling had been resorted to, Copey being cleverly caught at point by Alf. Marshall off Lomas. The pair being separated paved the way for further disasters for Alsager, A. Marshall doing most of the execution, taking seven wickets for 15 runs. Alsager's innings closed for 58. Dudson being the top scorer with 25. The innings was twice stopped owing to rain. The Forge started with James and Sheard. The first-named was palpably unwell, and was bowled by Dudson's second ball. A. Marshall knocked up 7 in quick time, and was then bowled by Dudson. Sheard went on batting steadily, and he and Lomas carried the score to 21, the third wicket falling at this total. The visitors, however, could make no headway, and the game being twice suspended, for rain did not improve their chances of success, and the last wicket fell with the score at 39, Alsager winning by 19 runs.
The Brock Mills betook themselves to Knypersley to play the return match, where the latter club took sweet revenge for the defeat they sustained at Congleton a few weeks back. Small scoring was the order on both sides. The Mills' score only amounted to 19, while Knypersley capped this with 25. F. Harding was principal scorer for Knypersley with 13, and Pointon obtained the same distinction for the Mills with 6. Pointon also proved a terror with the ball, taking seven wickets for 15 runs.
The Forge Mills are giving their professional, James, a benefit on August 10th, when the visiting team is Middlewich. Although this is James's first season with the Forge, they are putting their whole energies into the affair to give the old pro. a good result, and any of his friends in Staffordshire who are desirous of contributing towards this end will kindly communicate with him at his address, Mossley, Congleton, or to Mr. Cliffe, Sec., Forge Mills C.C., both of whom will be glad to dispose of tickets. James has rendered efficient service both as a player and a coach during his cricketing career, which has been a long one; and this, coupled with his quiet, unassuming manner, has made him many friends, and it only remains for them to show it by giving him a bumper on the 10th.

FENTON.
(By "RAMBLER.")
Cricket at Fenton last week, so far as the flag holders were concerned, was off. Fenton were more fortunate. The visit of the Crewe team is always an interesting event, and last week's invasion was no exception in the general rule. To some extent Crewe are like Fenton, and that is why games between them are the means of causing the spectators to part with the reluctant ninepences. The teams are neither up or down. There is no midway with either of them.
At Fenton last last year the home side were all out for 13. Crewe won. The return game at Crewe was won almost as easily by Fenton, and they cried quits. This year, at Crewe, Crewe won, and if the usual order of things had been carried out last Saturday, Fenton should have reversed the verdict. This, however, was not to be. Whilst Fenton were batting the rain left off, but upon Crewe making a start for the wickets the storm, which had looked threateningly upon Osborn and Co. for some time, put in an appearance, and all was over, not a ball being sent down by the Fenton trundler.
In the Fenton innings Turner was again a success, having not out for the second week in succession. The operation was repeated on Monday, and Tuesday against Okeover, making four not out innings in ten days, which is somewhere about a record in the district. William was an out-and-out in the county match with the Hall, having 12 wickets for 91 runs. Fentonians raise their hats and wish him success against Worcestershire and Northumberland during the coming week.
To-day Fenton play a friendly fixture with North Rode (wind and weather permitting) which will give me a rest. Next week I intend filling up this space with a few remarks re the Cricket League, and a few suggestions for next year's workings. To those readers who have any suggestions which may tend to create a better feeling and reduce the friction which unhappily exists I tender an invitation. Send in your suggestions as early as possible, addressed "Rambler," Sentinel, Hanley. A number of apparently excellent ideas have already reached me which only require putting into shape to produce good results.

SILVERDALE.
(By the G.O.L.M.)
PLAYING AT KEEPING SHOP.
Did you ever, my dear reader, in your younger days—say at six or seven—play at keeping shop, where imaginary articles, including tea, candles, soft soap, turpentine, and bath-brick were handed out for as purely imaginary payments, and carried away with a most make-believe air? If so, you can understand Saturday's proceedings, and not without. The team was to play at Caverswall—noted for its squire, its ground, and its cricket hospitalities—but everyone entered on the task in a most make-believe fashion. Two players asked to be excused, and one was away for his holidays. They were lucky. The rest, in a dazed sort of manner, were carted via Trentham and Longton, to the ground. I had nearly written desired spot, but no one seemed to desire anything; and there was not even a good cricket tale to keep anyone alive.
The ground duly reached half an hour later, no one thought of beginning, or attempting to begin, and proceeded as leisurely as though it was six in the morning. Another half hour or so passed by, and then someone suggested play, but just on turning out, a photographer turned up, and all seemed to think it was quite the thing to wait and smile while Caverswall eleven, scorer, and ground roller included, tried to make a picture. It was only then that the Great one discovered that there was no umpire, and that he had to officiate, and did so with many growls.
Messrs. W. E. Bowers and J. H. Copestake stood in front of the wickets while seven Silverdale players chucked up the ball in turns, some shorter, some longer. Politeness reigned supreme, and fellow-feeling was wondrous kind. One after the other the fielders were presented with the ball to hold, but they begged to be excused, as they did not want to hurt anyone's feelings. Bowling there was none, and with one or two exceptions, I must say no one ever tried. "I think," said one, "that slow bowling is as good as fast on this wicket." "So do I," said the Caverswall captain, as he held his bat for it to hit, "only better." Fifty-three overs were bowled and 102 runs made for one wicket (W. E. Bowers 37, Copestake, not out, 50), and rain came down. This upset nobody; they still were in the world of make-believe, and even while sitting in the pavilion they passed round an old oil bottle and called it whiskey.

WHITMORE.
Last Saturday found us at Keele with a very good team, including Lightfoot, Farmer, and Burrows (of Silverdale.) Keele won the toss and batted and two wickets were down for 4 runs, when Burrows (playing for Keele), and the Rev. C. Stamer got together and put on 35, Burrows 15 (not out), and the Rector 11 (not out). Then the rain came and robbed us of an almost certain victory.