ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 20 JULY 1895 - 3.
SPORTING NOTES
(From our Oxford Correspondent.)
On Saturday last Thame played their first match, which was also a semi-final in the Bastick Cup competition, after having previously passed through two rounds without a contest. In the first they drew a bye, while in the second Henley scratched to them. They have now qualified for the final by making very short work of Chesham. The visitors batted first, but could make nothing of Messenger and Kirtland, the former taking five wickets for 28 runs, and the whole venture only realising 69. After that the Chesham men had a nice little leather hunt, for Kirtland, who went in first with W. A. Wells, was in great form, and scored all round the wicket in merry fashion. He was the sixth to leave after putting together the fine score of 132, composed of one 5, twenty-three 4's, one 3, and four 2's. This is the second time this season that Kirtland has secured the coveted century; so that his average should be a good one. With a total of 303 runs against them the visitors did still worse in their second than they did in their first venture, and were all out for 63. Phillips was the great bowler this time, and took five wickets at the ridiculous cost of four runs. I should say that Chesham will hold Thame cricketers in wholesome awe for some time to come.

Next Saturday the Thame team will be engaged in the County Cup with the Britannia Works, Banbury. Again Thame will have the advantage of playing on their own ground, and should make a good show. The Banbury eleven will be a pretty strong one, if they can get together a representative team, and the match will doubtless be keenly contested; still, I must confess to a slight preference for Thame. The latter will be represented by the following:—W. A. Wells (captain), C. W. Wells, A. J. Kirtland, G. Messenger, O. H. Hulls, D. C. Lee, W. T. Faulkner, Jas. Wells, W. J. Rowell, I. Bush, and T. J. Phillips. Reserves—J. L. Eaton, E. E. Wright, G. West, R. J. Eccret, and P. Wells.

The first and second elevens of the Clarendon Press opposed the first and second elevens of St. Barnabas at the end of last week, and the former were successful in both engagements. Gollan, the well-known footballer, headed the Press score with a well-played 24 in the first team, while in the second eleven Bowen brought off a grand performance indeed. He went in first, defied all efforts to dislodge him, and carried his bat right through the innings for 109.

The City Cup-holders have not been doing well of late, and last Saturday they had to put up with a severe defeat by the Star. Certainly, the Corporation had three of their best men away, yet still they made rather a sorry show after taking that into consideration. Going in first, the Star displayed good form, and made 175 for six wickets before they declared. For this total the club had largely to thank Baker, who in the course of compiling 74 made some capital leg-hits and drives. J. R. F. Turner also did well with 33, and followed this up with some fine bowling, his analysis reading 14 overs, 5 maidens, 26 runs, and 7 wickets.

The match between the City and the D.A.C. in the County Cup competition ended as I anticipated in a draw. The D.A.C. batted first and in putting together 224 for seven wickets exhibited some fine batting. The top scorer, Pilkington (53), was certainly let off before he had reached double figures, but he played very good cricket afterwards, while Lewis (48), Joy (45), Medley (30), and Hitchings (33 not out) all showed excellent form. On the City going to the wickets Brownrigg proved to be very much on the spot, and by good batting all round the wicket put together 88 not out; Gmelin also played well for a characteristic 46; so that at the call of time the City had scored 154 for the loss of only two wickets, and left off therefore in a slightly better position than their opponents. The less said about the bowling perhaps the better, though Corbett deserves mention and Gould kept down the runs.

The match is to be replayed next Saturday on the New College ground, and in order to enable some definite conclusion to be arrived at will commence at 12.30. The sides will probably be about the same, though it is doubtful whether the D.A.C will play Stallard, as some members of the City team complain about his eligibility. The rules say that a country qualification is sufficient for the competition, and I understand the D.A.C. played Stallard on the supposition that as he had lived over 10 years in Oxford, and has not yet left for a sufficient time to qualify elsewhere, he is still qualified for Oxfordshire.

St. Paul's made very short work of Summertown in the City Cup competition. Going to the wickets first the town club showed some excellent batting. Bolton and Stone were the first pair of batsmen and so well did they play that the Summertown bowling was thoroughly collared, and the first wicket did not fall until 144 had been registered. Bolton's total score was 67, while Stone registered a fine 81. A little later having declared at 222 for 5, Summertown had their turn, but could make nothing of Mason and Wark. These two bowled unchanged throughout and did not allow a single man to reach double-figures, the final total being 36. I notice that W. and R. Hawkins were both playing for the losers. These two will be remembered as prominent members of the old North Oxford club in its palmy days.

Littlemore Asylum continued their successful season on Saturday last with a hollow victory over Cowley, by 205 for seven wickets to 45. Gualen and Shattock were once more to the fore for the home club scoring 43 and 40, but no less than six others reached double figures. For Cowley F. Hodgkins alone did anything, his score reaching just one under 20. Walters proved the most successful with the ball, taking 6 wickets for 23.

Yesterday the D.A.C., on the Hertford ground, vanquished the City 2nd, or rather what stood for such, as in the middle of the match the captain of the home team had to hunt "the highways and hedges" to complete his eleven. The notable feature of the match was the fast scoring of the visitors, who knocked off the 164 made by the City in just under 70 minutes. The chief heroes of this performance were Holloway (36,) Pilkington (72), and Neale (44 not out). In the end the visitors' total reached 193 for 7 wickets. For the City, Sheard played a good innings of 68 and Howse, towards the end of the innings, rattled up 32 by means of some rather wild hitting.

The other match in the County Cup competition, which was decided on Saturday, also resulted as I anticipated, and Witney won somewhat easily as they compiled 174 against the 78 of the home team. The elder Smith gave a very patient and correct exposition of the game, and going in first he carried his bat right through the innings for 64. Pigott (36) and Smith, jun. (23), also showed good form. For the losers, the only man to make any stand at all was W. Browning, who made 33, and, not for the first time, saved his side from absolute disgrace. As to the bowling both Collier and Nelms did great execution especially the latter who got five wickets for 23. For the losers West was the most successful, taking six wickets for 54.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
(On the ground of the first named).
JULY 20TH.
Thame v. Britannia Works (County Cup).
D.A.C. v. City (County Cup).
Cowley St. John v. Star 2nd (City Cup).
E.O.C.C. v. Headington United.
Corporation v. Clarendon Press.
Clarendon Press 2nd v. Summertown.
D.A.C. 2nd v. College Servants 2nd (City Cup.)
Victoria 2nd v. Corporation 2nd.
Abingdon 2nd v. Y.M.C.A.
St. Barnabas 2nd v. Oxford Times C.C.
Wargrave v. Henley.
City v. Abingdon.
Woodstock v. City 2nd.
E.O.L.C. v. St. Paul's.
St. Paul's 2nd v. Iffley.
Littlemore Asylum v. Star.
Cowley St. John v. Headington Quarry.
JULY 23RD.
Cowley v. Star (County Cup).
JULY 24th.
Cowley St. John v. Cowley II.
Reading v. City.
JULY 25th.
Star v. E.O.C.C.
Victoria v. D.A.C.
Headington United v. City 2nd.
Star v. E.O.C.C.