EASTERN DAILY PRESS: THURSDAY 15 AUGUST 1895-2.

CRICKET.
OUR CRICKET EDITOR.]

NOTICES.
matches, teams for Cup-ties, and other ring insertion in this column should be to the Cricket Editor, Museum Court, whom all communications bearing on be addressed. me for newspaper reports of matches may charge on application. ents are requested to write only on one per.

LOCAL FIXTURES.
NORWICH CRICKET WEEK.
-Norfolk v Lincolnshire (second day) and 17th—Norfolk v Hertfordshire

INTER-CLUB MATCHES.
TO-DAY
Cromer Visitors, Gunton
Y M C A, Newmarket Road
Oulton and Blishing, Blishing Park
and London Married v Single, Newmarket

lage v Norwich Union, Thorpe
County Asylum v R N H, Whittingham
Wellington v Victoria, Newmarket Road
Surrey Road School, Newmarket Road

FRIDAY.
Wanderers v Reikham, Helkham

SATURDAY.
n's v Y M C A, Din's Land
St Margaret's Institute, Lowestoft
Drayton and Taverham, Taverham
mouth v Mechanics, Recreation Ground
rueham v Hempstead, Sheringham
R A v Diss, Yarmouth
Quidenham, Quidenham Park
v St Mark's, Honingham
Wanderers v King's Lynn, Lynn
Thorpe Hamlet, Plumstead Road
Norfolk County Asylum, Whittingham
White's v Catton Park, Catton
v Visitors, Lowestoft
v Guild, Hathernett
L N H, Yarmouth
Choir v New City, Eaton
Smallburgh, Catfield

Norwich Week has been a dismal failure. disastrous beginning it is not possible to see records that have been made are of the reader. They are rain records. Just fancy, hours and a half's play on Monday, none on d one hour and a half on Wednesday, al of four hours' play for three days! If thing continues the club will be bankrupt things during the three days cannot have and the expenses are, of course, as heavy

half the Week has gone by there has been cricket. Weather statistics are a bit off : ist mention that I have been unable to lous instance where a ball has not been g any one day in a home match. On the t Holiday of 1891 a start was not made on Ramblers fixture until after lunch, too, were eventually pitched off the s, and in an opposite direction.

as Cambridgeshire's fourth appearance Norwich Week. In 1892 the home side innings and 44; in 1893 there was a me run only in favour of the home side ; ilk won by 109 runs. This year has seen Norfolk's run of victories. It is to be hoped period will not rival that possessed by ib.

ars ago the Lincolnshire match occupied same position in the Norwich Week as it esent time, viz., the middle match. On of the inaugural Week Lincolnshire were innings and 43 runs, and ten years e the team again figured in the festival County programme. Lincolnshire have ing the following Weeks :—
Norfolk won by innings and 43 runs.
Norfolk won by innings and 86 runs.
Lincolnshire won by innings and 29 runs.
Norfolk won by 19 runs.
rawn.

has the Herts match been brought to a conclusion, and as it is extremely probable match in progress with Lincolnshire will ', we may look forward to another record hed in the shape of three drawn matches Herts have figured in eight of the iks. Below will be found the date and :-

Drawn.
A tie.
Drawn.
Drawn.
Norfolk won by five wickets.
Drawn.
Drawn.
Drawn.

the Herts men were engaged with Bed- the St. Albans ground. The match con- . In this fixture Herts were represented captain), H J Hill, Rev F W Poland, H icholls, A S Crawley, Rev W H Heale, ith Titchmarsh, White, and Field.

as item of interest I have omitted to a band of the 1st V.B.N.R. will be in Friday afternoon. Thursday is recog- dies' day" at Canterbury during the l, and if my memory serves me well the Norwich Week fits in with the descrip- the Kentish Thursday, although of course scale. For my part I would prefer that he Week should be a ladies' day.

Park had a Week all to itself last k of cricket I mean. The Hall team Rev. W. F. G. Sandwith, E. Hanbury, W. X. Robertson, Captain Butler, C. f. Jee, and H. P. Hansell. Mr. W. applied the opposing side for the open- nd although he got together a fairly -Captains Birkbeck and Touge, E. H. H. Walter, H. F. Sebright, and H. F. s in the team—their two innings did not i. A. E. Burton increased the strength am for the second and third match. But Lord Grey de Wilton's Eleven comprised ad cricketers, and the Hall aggregate fell the first encounter. G. G. Hearne, the Kent professional, found a spot, while otts pro, performed wonders behind the the first innings he caught three and a. No wonder the total was only 25. y (Free Foresters) also took part in the chow. The third match was with the I t was really a fine performance to defeat included H. Philipson, E. Hanbury, rbeck and Butler. R. O. Ridley, and by an innings and 78 runs.

-Major Frederick A. Currie, from the ment, to be lieut.-colonel. Dated 14th " This concerns, if I mistake not, an icketter, and, when at his best, one of ole rugeting batsmen the county A good many readers can doubtless call Currie's performance in the Cricket Week folk compiled an innings of 417 against sters, and of this huge total L. K. Jarvis s for 178 and F. A. Currie exactly 100.

who used to assist Norfolk about the Mr. Currie, has a lot of cricket left in was very much in evidence last week at k, securing an average of nearly 20 for innings, while he claimed a large share that fell in the course of three matches.

a put in some very creditable work at accon's place last week. Three matches off, but the Norfolk man did not find until the last of the trio, when he com- getting out lbw to Mr. A. W. Ridley. of six innings Mr. Raikes captured wickets against Mr. Tillard's twenty-

hich is given in full in another column, and Gentlemen's match at Coltshall is ing reading. The gentlemen made a ipt at fielding with their left hand; or wling was at fault. A large proportion s may have been wides. The ladies y 8 extras in a total of ?170. That is Miss Reynolds, too, showed unmis- with the bat. Mr. Betts was most his broomstick, putting together no runs.

of the Eaton Club is desirous of entering est against the pernicious practice of tobes at the eleventh hour. His club really in this respect this season. On occasion they have had no notice of the m their opponents. Last Saturday they on the ground for the purpose Paul's. After waiting about for so in the vain hope of seeing some of St. Paul's appear, they were com- rt without their customary weak end mest regrettable that circumstances of attened by my correspondent should me to time during the season. There is edy, and that is to decline to arrange these delinquents in the future.

pt, who played in some recent matches am, accomplished a rare performance last week with his slow bowled no