STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-3.

receiving no welcome greeting joined Bro. Elliss, of Crewe, who seemed to be the only one wanting a smile. Shouts still continued, and then a pause. The worthy brother said “they are all out for 54, and Silverdale will win.”

In a few minutes the second act began, Calkin and E. S. Young opening the innings. Young made 2 out of 4, and was out, and Reynolds came to the rescue. Stillness prevailed for a long time, and except for a friendly voice calling “Good stroke,” “Well played,” “Pretty,” &c., I could have imagined it was a Quakers’ meeting, with the spirit not over active. Silverdale won by eight wickets, said a materialist. I cared not. Where was “Longsop?”

BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Overs. Maidens. Runs. Wickets.
E. S. Young .. .. .. 8 .. .. 0 .. .. 20 .. .. 5
Bennett .. .. .. 12 .. .. 3 .. .. 15 .. .. 5

LAWTON PARK.

This club won its protest against Silverdale, and the match has to be replayed. As was pointed out last week it is most important that the measurement of the ground and pitch should be taken accurately, and especially in League, Combination, or Alliance fixtures, so as to avoid the unpleasantness which arises from disputes. More need not be said regarding the match. Saturday’s match was again a victory for the Park club, which up to far has done well in the Combination, but having lost a match. To-day, the club meet Middleport, both at home and away, and it is probable that another success will have to be recorded.

PORTHILL PARK.

On Saturday Porthill v. Tunstall gave about the best batting display which they have ever given, and their score of 132 for three wickets was a performance which reflected credit on all those who had a share in it. King justified the expectations of all who have seen his form, and his score of 65 was made without fault. H. F. Wood once again also proved his real value to his side, as he stayed with King until the score was 61, of which his share was 35. The previous week, against Club and Ground, these two men had made 50 without being parted; when rain stopped play, so that in the two games they had made 121, being separated. Almost a record for North Staffordshire League cricket. Dean followed in, and soon began to make matters lively, and would probably have stayed to help Bennett-supplementing him-a man run out on the post of the latest Tunstall acquisition. His score of 21 was got in his usual vigorous style, and the chief that gets rid of him for less than 10 runs may be considered fortunate. The first 120 runs were scored on the rather small ground in just over the hour, and then the rate of scoring was reduced somewhat, but that did not suit Bennett, and he paid little respect to any of the bowlers, and in about twenty five minutes made his score of 52, not out, at which point the innings was closed, leaving Tunstall more time to bat than the visiting team had taken to complete their rather formidable score.

Some mention has been made in former editions to the impression that the Porthill batting sadly lacked force and run-getting powers. This is certainly no longer correct, as in last Saturday’s display no opportunity was neglected to score runs, and the day-play altogether was singularly free from fluky strokes. The Tunstall men stood their long outing well, and the fielding all through was smart, especially so in some instances.

The Tunstall innings was conspicuous for a very good innings on the part of Walker, who made 28, and a prolonged stand for the last wicket by Buckley and Gater, who took the score from 55 to 102, at which number Gater offered a chance in the long field to King, which he promptly accepted. Bennett accounted for four wickets, and the absence of W. S. White, who was invaliding, gave King an opportunity to show that his bowling will be useful if he is called on, as he also took four wickets.

All old members of the Porthill Club would notice with pleasure that once again that sterling cricketer Earnest Walker was back again in their ranks, after an absence of seven or eight years, and although the big performance at the wicket of the other players did not give him a chance on Saturday, there is no doubt he will not be long in the team before he makes his presence felt in the old style which so many Wolstanton people recall with pleasure.

It is also interesting to note with what great success Bennett made his first appearance in Derbyshire county cricket this season, his aggregate of 45 and bowling analysis, both being the best performances of the side at Hampshire. Porthill also supplied the Staffordshire wicket-keeper in the person of J. Poole, and the absence of these two, coupled with the holidays, caused the team which was sent to Caverswall to be mainly composed of second eleven men, who on the whole acquitted themselves well, scoring 131 to Caverswall 120, and seeing that King was once in a way dismissed without scoring, the total must be considered a good one. The Rev. F. W. Haslen was conspicuous by a very well played innings of 39, other double figures being : G. Evans 15, J. Dean 15, G. Wood 14, and S. Mawdesley 22 not out. A very pleasant day was spent at Caverswall, the only regret being that owing to the holidays so many of the first team were absent. The reserve team had a very easy victory on Saturday v. Audley, securing 104 for four wickets, and disposing of their opponents for 39, S. Mawdesley once again taking his full share of wickets. To-day, Fenton visit Porthill, and for the first time for four years, Briscoe plays against Porthill, with what result we looked for in another column. Next Saturday we visit Silverdale, and the week after the great fight of the season, Burslem at Porthill.

FENTON.
[By “RAMBLER.”]

Fenton visited Norton last week for the purpose of annexing points, and were successful; at least, this is what I believe. The scores were—Fenton 94, Norton 56. This ought to entitle Fenton to count two points. Norton will probably agree that it does, but others may think otherwise.

Some people have an idea that I supported the action of Fenton in their match v. Silverdale. How this is arrived at I cannot imagine. I stated sufficiently plain for an average reader to understand that I blamed the rules, and that if the rules allowed one team to “beat” another nobody could blame the players. This is, to my mind, clear enough. I am of the same opinion now. Those who have seen a match at Trent Bridge, when Notts have been playing for a draw will never forget it. Have to waste time is shown to perfection. Players leaving the wickets for a cup of tea and other such little tricks, disgust those who go to see sport. The way in which the batsmen can waste time are numerous, and the same remark applies to a bowler. I hold that the umpires when neutral should be empowered to extend the time for such period as they consider has been deliberately wasted.

The game of cricket is one of the oldest on record which perhaps accounts for the old-fashioned ways of its legislators. No sooner effort is made to advance with events. This is a mistake which is made clearly apparent by the actions of the spectators when a player like Stoddart goes in to bat. His presence sets life magic on a crowd. There is no “fooling around” about him. He goes in to get runs not to waste time, and it must be annoying to a sportsman like him when a bowler uses the power given him by the rules to waste time to the disadvantage of the batter.

The members of the Cricket League may think reform such as I have suggested impracticable, or if possible say they have no power in the matter. That’s just where the deadlock is. Nobody appears willing to accept a move. Last year Mr. J. T. Fenton suggested that instead of mere luck deciding which team should have choice of innings, the visitors should have the option of batting or fielding. There was nothing in the world to prevent this being done in League matches, but the committee wouldn’t have it. The majority of the committee preferred to trust to luck to assist in winning matches. Winning the toss has more to do with a Saturday afternoon match than most people imagine, and if a captain is fortunate enough to guess the upper side of a penny in both matches he stands a good chance of securing four points, or at the least the opportunity of making his opponents take the field the best portion of the time. Luck is an element which ought not to be counted upon as an assistance to secure victory, and although not a thought-reader, I venture to think that 99 out of every 100 spectators will agree with what I say. On a bitterly cold day six or eight thousand people will put in an appearance at Sheffield at a football match, because they know that they will get a full hour and a half’s sport. Waste of time is not permitted there, and luck is reduced to a minimum. The eleventh hour is a late hour in the game, and that is a lot more than can be said about present-day cricket.

Having concluded the portion which was to be continued, as per last week’s issue, I will now revert to the Fenton v. Norton match. Whatever others, no matter how badly Fenton is shaping against other clubs, they rise to the occasion against Norton. Last year Monel went with a damaged optic, and although unfit to play he scored more runs than the Norton team put together. On Saturday the team was a sort of sixth-and-ten. Winning the toss, the usual pair took their places at the wickets. Merritt played in his usual careless style, and Turner missed the wood hard and often, and had 16 to his credit when a ball came. Briscoe needs things lively, but eventually stopped a ball with his foot, and retired at the request of the umpire, with as much satisfaction as a snail in such cases. Skilton, who has been studying how to get balls’ eyes, outers, and other things whilst in training at Eccleshall, soon got an “outter,” and the same remark applies to W. Turner and Power. Walton made a nice put on, and a very good looking run for Norton, but Down, Birks and Rhodes altered the complexion of the game, the score at the close reading 94.

Birks is to be complimented upon his success. Fate has for some time been against the young Alfreton batsman, but now a turn has been made all Fentonians hope it will be a long way to the nearest stopping place.

Norton commenced badly against the deliveries of Turner and Briscoe, catches for once in a way being accepted. Barlow was the only man on the side to get into doubles, and his score shows what a useful man he is. The score reached the total at 56, Fenton winning comfortably at the finish.

On Wednesday a fairly representative team visited Caverswall, the paradise of cricketers, to oppose Mr. W. K. Bowers’ eleven. It was a day out for the Turners, who put on 50 runs in about half-an-hour. J. having 59 to his credit and W. 15. Rhodes chipped in with a useful 15 and the other boys divided a level score between them, the respective portions varying from nothing to 7.

The home captain, assisted by Aynsley, Morgan, and Booth, put the Fenton score, stumps being drawn before J. Morgan, Taylor, Young, and Blair had a chance of showing what they could do. The had a match enjoyed, and some of the players are already consulting an almanac in the hopes of finding out when Whit Week is due in 1896.

MOUNT PLEASANT.

On Saturday we went to Birches Head to meet Tabernacle Mission. The Missionaries batted first, facing the bowling of Edwards and Rosamond. T. Prince made a good stand, being finally caught by Darrell after making 21 runs. The last wicket fell for 72 runs.

On our side A. Smith and W. Edwards were in good form, the former hitting in splendid style, and making 22 runs, which included three 3’s. The innings closed for 90 runs, and we won by 8 runs.

Our second team received the Y.M.C.A. at Mount Pleasant. The visitors won the toss, and had to thank Hardwick and Salmon for their victory. Hardwick made 34 and Salmon 11 runs out of a total of 61. Hayden’s bowling was deadly, and Hardwick gave four catches, but was missed each time. Our men made a good stand. Phillips 189, Doskin (7), and Sinclair (8) were the best. The innings closed with the score at 51. It was a close game throughout, and thoroughly enjoyed.

On Whit-Monday we were picked to play against Hanley Tabernacle. Owing to the holidays only three of our first team turned up, and consequently we made a poor show. The Tabernacle ground was in a fearful condition and quite unsuitable. Result: Tabernacle 55 (of which W. Richards made 22); Mount Pleasant: 9.

L E E K.

Lovers of cricket were well catered for last week and the beginning of this week in Leek. Both the Leek and the Leek Highfield teams had very good engagements on Saturday, and they were both well patronised, the attendances being about equal. A very childish practical joke was carried out either in the very late hours of the evening of Friday week or the early hours of Saturday morning, and was intended to do damage to the Leek Highfield Cricket Club. Some villain, in the interests of the Highfield club, announcing their match against Crewe, a slip of paper was affixed, having upon them the words “Gate legs and milk grubs.” Whoever was the joker may take all the credit he may think collects upon him and be welcome to it.

LEEK CLUB.

Mr. Brunt and the other members of the executive of the Leek Club are to be congratulated on the opening on Saturday last of what I unhesitatingly say is one of the best grounds in North Staffordshire. The attendance on the ground on Saturday last was a large one, although the weather was threatening. The arrangements for the accommodation of the spectators was all that could be desired, but the representatives of the press had to sit outside, and rain falling several times made this very unpleasant. I understand that a pavilion is to be erected at a cost of about £300, probably the press will be considered.

The captain of the Crewe team won the toss, and made a great mistake in allowing the Leek team to bat first on a good wicket, and they found it out before the game was over. Brunt and Dr. McElwee batted first, and the doctor front the first ball scored a single. Both batsmen played a safe game, and the bowling of Cantrell and Wright and Henshall being taken off before a wicket was taken. This good start had a bad effect upon the company, the ladies, of whom there were a good number present, congratulating the gentlemen upon the successful start, and afternoon tea was generally indulged in, there being an ample supply of all kinds of provisions.

Brunt was unfortunately out leg before, but Kirkby played a splendid game, and soon ran up a number of runs. Tim Baxter was caught out, and Wardle was soon disposed for without any addition to the score. Wright and Kirkby got together and runs came rapidly, the visitors having now found out their mistake in putting Leek in first. Wright played a vigorous game, but Riley, who was bowling first rate style bowled him with a grand ball. Kirkby ought to have obtained his 50 runs, but Lyons with a marvellous catch disposed of him for 45. He had played a good game. Backwell foolishly ran himself out, and the innings closed with a total of 111. Riley was the most successful bowler, taking seven wickets for 28.

Crewe commenced with Osborne and Lyon, to the bowling of A. H. Wardle and Kirkby. Osborne was badly let off, Kirkby missing an easy catch, but he retrieved this mistake by having him caught off the bowling by Cantrell. Rain then commenced to fall rapidly, and it was a fortunate thing for Crewe, as they had four good wickets down for 50.

A Note alarm were to have played at Macclesfield Tuesday at Westwood-lane. It seems that there had been some misunderstanding as to the right of the visitors to be styled an eleven of Notts, and the secretary of the Notts County cricket ground expostulated with them. Whoever they were they proved themselves good players. They provided two days good cricket. The attendance on both days must have cheered the hearts of the Executive. Monday’s attendance was good, and the exhibition given by Ashcombe Park used to play Leek. The ladies were present in goodly numbers, and the bright colours they added to the aspect.

There was much disappointment, and that was the late start.

The visitors had missed their train at Stoke, and only arrived in time for luncheon.

A start was made at two o’clock, and it was soon seen that the Leek team were in for an afternoon’s drubbing. Goodacre and Whitlock played steady cricket, and completely mastered the bowling. The left-hander was, however, run out, the score standing at 33. Bennett, who has played with Notts County, joined Goodacre, and again the Leek bowling was punished. Bennett hit in a very free style with him. He obtained three boundaries, and the second wicket which was smartly taken by Cantrell behind the wickets fell for 75; Shelton, who was responsible for the team visiting Leek, partnered Bennett, and the score was taken to 91. When Wardle clean bowled Beaurett. Warne did not remain long. He hit a 6 and a three, and Wright then dispelled his wicket. The innings closed for 146. The Leek team had tried every kind of bowling out of the team, and Wardle and Wright were the most successful.

Leek re-commenced with Messrs. Heaton and Jones. The former was soon out, but Jones and Kirkby played good cricket, and the score was taken quickly up. Jones played an exceedingly good innings, some of his strokes being very pretty. Kirkby was out leg before, but Wright did not stay long, the day’s play ending with 52 for three wickets. Jones was not out 25, and the Rev. J. Darling not out 3.

The state of the scene brought down a good number of spectators on Tuesday, but the day’s play was not so interesting, the Leek batting falling off considerably. Vickerman and O. Wardle were the highest scorers, the total realising 126.

With 105 for eight wickets, and the game was drawn. Whitlock scored 55 and Bell 25. A feature of the game was the clever wicket-keeping of Cantrell.

LEEK HIGHFIELD.

This team went on Saturday to Rocester, and right well they acquitted themselves. They had their genial captain with them, with whose name cricket in Leek has been so long associated. Whether it was this reason or not the score obtained by the Moorsmen was a grand one—212. The veteran Heathcote was responsible for 23, and this is the best reply he could have made to the inquiry as to whether he was past cricket. The two most prominent bats were H. Tatton (62) and Barnes (not out, 57). There was what a good stock of presentation hats in the Leek club if this sort of scoring is to be continued. J. Stonehewer obtained 34. The home team did not bat, and it was perhaps as well.

Highfield were engaged against Crewe on Monday at Leek, and spite of many counter attractions there was a good attendance. There has been a lot of talk by members and supporters of the Leek club as to the Crewe team not trying their best, &c. Let every tub stand on its own bottom, and don’t try unfairly to upset it. The Crewe team did try, and did their best, and they were only just saved a defeat by the call of time. Leek batted first, and again Heathcote was successful, knocking up 18. J. Pace made a capital innings, as did also J. Stonehewer, H. Tatton, and H. Stonehewer; but the greatest surprise packet was A. Usher, who both batted and bowled in good style. Crewe made a