STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895-2.

NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE AND
DISTRICT LEAGUE.

1st DIVISION.
RESULT UP TO DATE.
Name of Club ... Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. Pts.
Crewe ............ 9 ... 6 ... 0 ... 2 ... 15
Porthill .......... 9 ... 4 ... 1 ... 4 ... 12
Burslem ......... 8 ... 4 ... 2 ... 2 ... 10
Tunstall .......... 8 ... 2 ... 1 ... 5 ... 9
Silverdale ....... 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 6
County Club .... 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 6
Leek ............... 6 ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 5
Fenton ............ 5 ... 2 ... 2 ... 1 ... 5
Nantwich ........ 6 ... 1 ... 3 ... 2 ... 4
Norton ........... 5 ... 0 ... 4 ... 1 ... 1

2nd DIVISION.
UP TO AND INCLUDING JUNE 1ST.
Club. ............. Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
Nantwich ........ 9 ... 8 ... 0 ... 1 ... 17
Audley ........... 9 ... 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 11
Bignall End ..... 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1 ... 7
Leek Church .... 6 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 7
Tunstall ......... 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ... 6
Great Fearn .... 7 ... 2 ... 5 ... 0 ... 4
Redfern Church . 6 ... 1 ... 4 ... 1 ... 3
Silverdale ....... 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 1 ... 3
Clogh Hall ....... 6 ... 0 ... 5 ... 1 ... 1

Saturday last would not have been considered, for cricketers, a meteorological success. All the teams, however, met to fulfil their engagements, but unlike the matches that were played on the 25th ult.—when all the teams were served by the weather in the same fashion—some of the matches last week were drawn, and some were completed.
The principal match of the day was probably the one played by Burslem against the County at Stoke. It was rendered all the more important by the fact that the County put in the field the strongest team it has ever played. In this match, Mr. A. H. Heath figured for the first time in League cricket. Notwithstanding a good commencement by the County, when the scoring board showed two wickets down for 43 runs, the whole eleven could only muster 64 runs. This was the result of some splendid bowling by Hulme, who had a wonderful average of nine wickets for 23 runs. Burslem made but short work of this score, and at the completion of the game had scored 63 runs for five wickets. Burslem, not out, 31, and Brownfield 12, being the principal scorers. Burslem won by five wickets and 3 runs.
The fuzz-bellers had a week-end at Leek, where they opened the new Moorland Cricket Ground. This match was not completed, several adjournments for rain interfering with the time. Leek appeared to best advantage, and helped by a score of 45 by their professional Kirkby, and by Messrs. Wright and Brunt, who also scored usefully, the side manipulated 111 when it declared its innings closed with the loss of nine wickets. To this Crewe made rather a feeble response, and uncertain as the game is known to be, it can be safely assumed that Crewe's wicket-fell with the one point it has not obtained. At 32 for four wickets by Crewe the game was abandoned.
Norton and Fenton saw the completion of their match. Fenton, backed up by a bit of good scoring at the completion of the innings, made 94 runs, a score which appeared at one time to be very improbable. Birch, Rhodes, J. Turner, and Doo were the chief batsmen. Norton could only respond with 56 runs, and thus lost their fourth League match.
The scoring match of the day was played at Tunstall, where Porthill seems to have done with the home team pretty well what it liked. At 182 runs for three wickets, the highest score for three wickets that has ever been recorded in the League, Porthill declared its innings closed, and Tunstall responded with but 102 runs, and thus were very easily beaten. In this match Porthill are to be congratulated upon the scores made by Messrs. Bennett and King, their professionals, who made 82 not out and 64 respectively, and H. F. Wood, 36, with Mr. Dean, who made 21. Tunstall's performance would have been mediocre in the extreme had it not have been for the last wicket performance by Messrs. Buckley (20) and Gater (25).
Silverdale journeyed to Nantwich, where another drawn game was played. Silverdale, having the useful score of 123 when rain stopped play. Silverdale's record was strongly assisted by its left-handed batsmen—Messrs. Reynolds, Burrows, and Johnson, who made 45, 22, and 12 respectively. Whit-Monday Silverdale met Burslem before a very large assembly of spectators, and although strongly weakened by the absence of Walklate and Lightfoot, they inflicted a severe defeat upon the mother town, scoring 53 for two wickets to against 51 by the Burslem team. This match was a most sensational one, 30 runs being scored by Burslem without the loss of a wicket, when almost with consecutive balls Hulme, Garner, Brownfield, and Brown were simply a procession to the pavilion. Silverdale's score was almost entirely made by Messrs. Collin and Reynolds, who under the circumstances batted well and insured for their side a complete victory.
The principal features of these matches can be briefly noted. To make nearly 200 runs in an afternoon that is somewhat interfered with by rain proves, as has been previously stated, that Tunstall has the easiest scoring ground in the League. The in and out play of Burslem in the matches played on Saturday and Monday is another item that must be noted by those who follow League cricket. The position of the League table is becoming interesting, very little differences being noticeable between the position occupied by the clubs who hold the medium positions. None of the first three clubs have met each other as present, and there can be no doubt that the matches between them will to most eagerly contested. To-day all the teams are occupied again. Burslem v. Norton, County v. Leek, Porthill v. Fenton, Silverdale v. Crewe, and Tunstall v. Nantwich.

NANTWICH.
Rain again on Saturday set hopes and doubts at rest. Silverdale came over and scored 123 runs. The fine weather lasted long enough for the completion of their innings. We had begun to ask ourselves the question whether the wicket and our men were good enough for 124 runs, and our people were shaking their heads, some up and down and some sideways (signifying Yes and No). Then it rained. It was five o'clock, and over an hour was spent in story-telling in the pavilion. Stevenson was going to say something about the state of the wicket at Crewe, when it was discovered that "it's gone off," and visitors were turning out of their apartments, with the umpires. The home side sent out Teeman and Hullwood, and no sooner had they marked the crease than a drizzle commenced. However, Teeman waited till 2 runs were put, and then obliged Lightfoot by clearing the way for Stevenson. Two or three overs followed and half a dozen runs were added. Then the rain fell faster and the players returned to shelter. The spectators were now invisible, and the players were not long in deciding to share the two points, the game being left drawn.
The innings of Silverdale, whose style of play is known to Nantwich from many years' experience, had one very extraordinary feature. T. Clarke and J. Johnson have been companions bowlers since boyhood, and they have never bowled before last Saturday without doing some damage more or less serious. In this match, although they had a good turn each, neither of them took a single wicket. Clarke was beaten by his own side, twice at least. Peerman and Roberts were successful. For 25, Peerman took five wickets, and the other five fell to Roberts for only a few runs. Nantwich have suffered for want of a change of bowlers, and it is gratifying to see this couple coming out so well.
The innings was also remarkable for bad fielding. Certainly the best part of it, P. Heywood's, was freer from fault than anything else. It is only fair to him to say so. His careful batting, something after Barlow's "stone-wall" style, was watched by the Nantwich supporters with a little impatience, but it must be admitted that some of our batsmen would do much better by following his example.
Nantwich have always had a reputation for good fielding—for their good hitting as well as to their runs. They fielded somewhat indifferently against Crewe, and badly against Silverdale. There is a good reason why. It is simply want of practice. When the countrymen grumble with a little become a good fielder he was sure enough to add that what he wanted was plenty of practice. Good cricketers, like good fiddlers, cannot play well without continued practice.
I am glad to say it is not the fault of the Wyreans that they have not been out regularly for practice. Depending for their existence more upon work than play, they have been obliged to attend to work first, and that has kept most of them going busily till dark. Tom Bullock was quite right when he said, on being asked why he was out of form. "You can't expect a chap to work as long as it is light, come entirely without practice during the week, and also keep up his form in fielding or batting on Saturday afternoon, the only time he is free." They have been working harder lately to make up a little for lost time. They will have no more leisure now for practice, and we shall soon find the Wycher himself again, like Richard.
Mr. A. N. Hornby had promised to play for Nantwich against Silverdale, but found on the morning unable to appear in the field. Mr. Charles Hassall was another absentee from the scene of play, but he found his way to the pavilion. Asked why he had not donned his whites, he indolently said "Not packed." There's some misunderstanding about this, surely.

SECOND TEAM.
The undefeated champions of the second division of the League made their first appearance at Silverdale. Our captain winning the toss, sent in G. Hirst and R. Sharpe, to the bowling of Ellerton and Rushton. Hirst made 21, when he was caught by Wynne. Healy, who came next, nearly escaped the bowler, but, owing to some misunderstanding, the privilege was denied him on this occasion, for he was run out after making 4. Hill, who has failed to come up to expectations in the batting line before this season, totted up 14. Walker and Hall gave very little assistance to Street, who, considering he play well, but as his brother partnership his things became lively. They stayed together till the total was 125 for five wickets, N. Shenton carrying his bat out for a splendidly played 55. The match unfortunately ended in a draw. Rain stopped play when the home team had lost four wickets for 17, and Edwards was returned to the field. He did not bat on Saturday, but he is a good acquisition and promises to develop into a sound batsman.

B U R S L E M.
(By "LONSTOX.")
I don't know whether it was the hot weather or the anniversary of my falling in the canal, or the approach of the full moon, but I had an idea that something would happen this Whitsuntide. And I had a chance of going away where I should have clothed myself with a gloriously happy contentment, but instead of that I stayed to see Burslem play cricket. That is—looking at it from this point—quite sufficient to get me off any serious charge on the plea of insanity.
The game, Burslem v. County Club, had been ushered into the world half-an-hour ago. I reached the Stoke ground on Saturday last. With some trepidation I cast my eyes score boardswards, and I found it was a healthy infant; 40 leaping up for two wickets, and Messrs. Heaton and Briggs helping themselves to the delicious morsels of Burslem bowling. When somebody told me that Burslem had won the toss, I was filled with disgust, and I had enough to spare to fill a man bigger than myself. Afterwards I was reminded that putting them in was all off, and that Burslem won, but I don't care for that. I believe that we lost the flag last year by that principle; and, although it answered on Saturday, it would not do in nineteen times out of twenty against the same eleven. After the salvage of 40 a very judicious change was made, "Tommy" replacing Hulme, and afterwards the Derbyshire pro. changed on to. From that time Name Fortuna seemed to rain wickets on Burslem. He but's the bat, and seemed, like Oliver Twist, to want more, and in all had the splendid average of nine for 25. The County's total was 63 runs.
Burslem commenced confidently, remembering that she had never not been got out for less than 65 during the tournament. Three good wickets for 16—Woodall, Hulme, and Lumus—looked as black as the threatening clouds that were banging above, but when Burton succeeded Mayer for 14, the balls began to emit smiles; and resolute hitting by Brownfield (12) and Brown (31) not out, made a victory by five wickets a certainty. No one else did anything that warrants me in advertising them in this journal.

THE SILVERDALE MATCH.
Were you there? If so, you ought to have some of your money back; if not, you should return thanks every quarter of an hour. It was awful. I thought of commencing this part with a series of advertisements; there is an opening for one offering the club as a going concern, very much going, but I don't think I should get an offer. One headed "Lost, stolen, or strayed" for Sam's recovery would have been worth inserting, but I hear he's been found. Well, let me get it over. I went to Cobridge all right, and returned ditto, but what happened between the coming and going I should like to hint out of my recollection for ever. And it was all so neatly done too. Six round and let me tell you, Silverdale turned up at half-past three o'clock, having been delayed by a railway accident. If it hadn't hurt any of them much I could have desired that accident to have been exchanged for an earthquake. When they had their men ready they took the field, and Burslem commenced to bat. The commencement was right enough, for thirty went on the board before a wicket went down, but after that the light went down as well, and I sat and wondered whether an advertisement that I had seen was genuine relating to a complete funeral for £1 19s. 6d.—hearse, horses, and coffin—and what my Burslem half-penny club burial society would pay on. Hulme (who had made 25), Garner, Brownfield, and Brown were out in two overs, and the rest of the side were morally out before they went in. Ruskin lashed out at the finish and made 10 not out, and the side was out for 54. Nine men made 16 runs between them, and without assistance.
Burslem's batting was bad enough in all conscience, but the fielding was worse. Silverdale never played a weaker team, being minus Lightfoot and Walklate, who played in the first match at Silverdale, when Burton won so easily. "Least said soonest mended" is an old and true motto, and I shall content myself by adding that the same will rise from its ashes and show to the public by whom it is so generously supported that the mistakes of the day will be immediately remedied, and future performances show that the batting, fielding, and fielding form of Whit-Monday was not true form. Let us hope so.

WESLEYAN.
On Saturday last we visited the Smallthorne club on their ground at New Ford. The home team won the toss, and put the visitors in on a fairly good wicket. The start was a good one, the first wicket falling at 13, and the second at 26; but after this our wickets fell rapidly, and the whole of us were dismissed for the poor total of 39, Holdcroft and Stokell being the only double scorers with 13 and 8 respectively. The home team, unlike us, started badly, but finished up well. Five wickets went down before the required number were knocked off, but the remaining five brought the total up to 112. Thus the home team won by a very large majority, which might have been considerably less had our fielding been anything like.
On Saturday we visit Knypersley, when we are hoping to have a very pleasant out.

SILVERDALE.
(By THE G.O.L.M.)
Dull and dismal was the morning, and sour and savage the temper of the village martyrs when they embarked for Nantwich last Saturday.
The town of leather was reached in time, and nothing was apparently wrong with the wicket the dusty ones chose an innings. Burrows went in with his captain, and to make a long story short, he only made 22, while W. H. made 9 leg, the umpires wishing him to retire at this point. Umpires' wishes are commands, so the sunny-haired (if not at this juncture) sunny-tempered one, retired to a neighbouring ditch. The total at this point was 125 for five wickets. N. Shenton carrying his bat out for a splendidly played 55. The match unfortunately ended in a draw. Rain stopped play when the home team had lost four wickets for 17, and Edwards was returned to the field. He did not bat on Saturday, but he is a good acquisition and promises to develop into a sound batsman.
Rule 24, he mused, does say "that if the batsman stops the ball with any part of his person when it would hit his wicket he shall be out," but Rule 22 says "if he plays it with his hand and the ball is taken he shall be out—caught." Does this mean that a man playing right hard with the back of his glove is 1 w? Still these troubled thoughts," said the philosopher passing on about the "mortal." "True," said the aggrieved hero, "but I wish this one was immortal."
Reynolds came in to do penance, but no one would stop with him until "Ab." appeared. The two anhydrous ones stayed about an hour, when the younger one was tired. Lightfoot, the lively one, made a dozen, but no one else did much, the innings closing for 123, of which Reynolds (45) made by good, sterling batting. It is worthy of notice that neither Clarke nor Johnson took a wicket. Hassall was a spectator on the field. A long period of stagnation through rain followed. As a matter of fact the rain was the only thing that did not stop, but to please the leather-lunged ones the miners tasted a few overs until it became a regular downpour, in which time Nantwich lost one wicket for 9 runs. I roused till the brake started, and all the way home.
The second eleven, minus Beeton, could not do much with Nantwich second, who made 122 for five wickets, but the youngsters made 31 for one, and honours rested even.
Monday was set apart for the special purpose of amusing the children of the "Mother town." Three who went in the morning were lucky, as the engine having perhaps some idea of what it had to carry, broke down at the bottom of the bank. It was fully an hour and a quarter late before the straggling ones coming by train, some by shank's mare, and others by parcels post, were ready to begin.
I strolled on the ground to add 30 to up for no wicket and Hulme and Garner batting, from which I concluded Silverdale was fielding. An elderly gentleman of commanding presence (that I was afterwards told was Grandpa) approached me, and said sternly, "I understand that you have joined the test team. Do you think anything good enough for Burslem?" I meekly answered, "I dunno; I will work it out by decimals and tell you later on." At this point came a shout, and somebody said Hulme or Garner was out. More shouts, signifying I suppose more "outs," and I met the secretary. "This is very shady," he said. "Have you seen 'Lonslox?' I have not, and passed on. Somehow everyone seemed to be familiar but miserable. I almost recognized five or six, but