ABINGDON HERALD: SATURDAY 14 SEPTEMBER 1895-2.
SPORTING NOTES.
(From our Oxford Correspondent.)
THURSDAY.
With the end of the cricket season close upon us averages are beginning to appear. At Abingdon it is gratifying to note that popular member of the City Club, F. D. Curtis, comes out top of the averages with 24.5 for nine innings. After him there is a large drop; indeed, what success the town has met with in the past season has been due more to good bowling than batting, the three most successful bowlers taking their wickets for less than 10 runs apiece. The club has unfortunately suffered from having to play with very different teams owing to an unfortunate lack of keenness on the part of many of its members. It is to be hoped this may be remedied another year.
The Thame averages are also to hand, and once again the leading batsman is well away from the rest. For 18 innings Kirtland gets an average of 28.35, but his play has been decidedly uneven, as he made quite half his runs on the two occasions when he exceeded the century. P. Wells comes next with 19.75, and Holloway treads close on his heels, but neither of these players have played in many matches, so that W. A. Wells is practically second with 18.21 for 21 innings. In the bowling, Phillips is top with 14 wickets for 9.07, but it was Kirtland and Messenger who did the greatest part of the work, and they had the good figures of 62 wickets for 10.88 and 52 for 11.28. W. A. Wells and C. W. Wells have both proved successful change bowlers, and there are a number of double figure batting averages, besides those mentioned above, so that Thame have a good deal to congratulate themselves on, especially when it is considered that the teams opposed were frequently of a high class.
The committee of the County Cup competition met last Monday to decide the protests lodged by Cowley. It was found that Rouse had been duly registered—though it is said that the city men themselves were doubtful about it—and consequently the objection to that player was dropped. As regards Moulder, Cowley only appealed for a definition of the word "residing" in rule 13, and declared that in the event of the committee having decided in their favour they had no intention of demanding the cup or even another match. That there was a good deal in their appeal was shown by the fact that it took considerably over an hour to decide, but in the end Moulder was declared eligible, the committee intimating in their official decision that they had been chiefly influenced by the facts that Moulder had no home anywhere else in England, and had been away during the early part of this year in consequence of ill health. It would be well if the word "residing" were more clearly defined at the next revision of the rules, for at the present time it is, to say the least of it, ambiguous.
The Star have been doing very well of late. On the fifth they met the Victoria, and secured a pretty even draw. At the end the Victoria wanted 20 to win, and had three wickets to fall. Millin gave a capital display with the bat for the Star, and Turner did better than he has done of late with 21, while W. Sturgess added 16. For the Victoria, Roberts was in form, and knocked up 32 and Bowell put on a useful 15. In the bowling Hedges was greatly on the spot, while Freeborn, owing to the state of the ground, was deadly rather to life than wickets.
On Saturday, in a match with the Clarendon Press, in which both sides were well represented, the Star secured a victory with 93 for eight wickets against 68. Walker came out strong in both batting and bowling, and for the losers Chapman played a good not-out innings of 23.
The final for the City Cup seemed to arouse hardly as much public interest as that event usually does, which may be traced to the fact of the County Cup final taking place the week earlier. There was, however, a fair attendance, and the takings were almost exactly the same as at the County contest, though the gate was 3d. instead of 6d. Last week I preferred the chances of Cowley and that club certainly demonstrated their superiority in no unmistakable fashion. There was some good play witnessed on both sides, Goldsworthy, Bancalari, and Goodey giving capital displays with the bat, though in different styles. It was anticipated that the bowling of St. Paul's would be the best, but it was more remarkable for its variety than its excellence. It must be owned that it was very steady, as is shown by the fact that no bowler got hit to the extent of more than 2.01 runs per over. For their success Cowley have largely to thank Wyatt, and especially Green, for their bowling. It appeared to fairly beat the St. Paul's men. A curious fact was that Green caught and bowled no less than four men in the second innings. I must congratulate Cowley on their triumph, which will doubtless help to make up to the club for their defeat in the County Cup contest.
The first half of the D.A.C. cricket week has not proved very successful. On Monday, with a decidedly strong team, they made a draw with Cowley, slightly in their favour, as they got 159 for nine wickets and obtained six Cowley wickets for 76. Neale and Mayhew were the chief scorers for the home team, making 28 and 38. For Cowley, Hinton was still playing well with 24 to his credit when time arrived. On Tuesday the clock alone saved the D.A.C. from being beaten by the College Servants. The latter batted first, but could do very little with Freeborn, who took nine wickets for 38 runs, and the whole side were out for 93. The home side, however, found Knibbs too much for them, and Hitchings alone was able to reach double figures; time came to their rescue when nine wickets were down for 72. Yesterday, the Star were the visitors, and they produced a tremendously long eleven, who had no difficulty in winning the match. Being put in by their opponents the Star scored 195 for seven wickets, and declared. Walters (35), Penny (32), Browning (37), and Walker (38) all played well. The D.A.C. cut up very badly before Walters and W. King, and seven wickets were down for 23. The tail then played up well, but the last wicket fell when 80 was on the board.
LOCAL FIXTURES.
(On the ground of the first-named).
SEPTEMBER 14th.
City 2nd. XI. v. Clarendon Press.
Headington Quarry 2nd XI. v. Cowley St. John 2nd XI.
Cowley Barracks v. Star.
Star 2nd XI. v. Headington United 2nd XI.
D.A.C. v. Victoria.
F.O.L.C. v. E.O.C.O.
Clarendon Press 2nd XL v. St. Paul's 2nd XI.
Littlemore Asylum v. St. Barnabas.
College Servants v. Corporation.
Corporation 2nd XI. v. Iffley.
Grandpont v. Y.M.C.A.
St. Paul's v. Headington Quarry.
Victoria 2nd XL v. Boulter-street Institute.