LINCOLNSHIRE CHRONICLE: FRIDAY 7 JUNE 1895-2.

CRICKET.
LINCOLNSHIRE COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
FIXTURES FOR 1895.
June 27 and 28 Norfolk at Spalding.
July 26 and 27 M.C.C. at Louth.
Aug. 8 and 9 Durham at Grantham.
Aug. 14 and 15 Norfolk at Norfolk.
N.B.—Possibly fixtures may be yet arranged with Northumberland, when the home match will be played at Lincoln.

FIXTURES FOR THE WEEK.
To be played on the ground of the former on Saturday, June 8th, unless otherwise mentioned.
Retford Town v. Lincoln Stamp End.
Lindum v. Alibon.
Lincoln Sheaf Iron Works v. Branston.
Lincoln Stamp End Reserve v. West Lynn Works Res.
Collingham v. Lincoln St. Hugh's Church.
Leventon v. Lincoln Globe Works.
Canwick v. Bardney.
Lincoln Sheaf Wood Works v. C.F.W.M.S.

SWINDERBY AND COLLINGHAM v. LINCOLN v LINDEM (A TEAM).—These teams met at Swinderby on Saturday, in stormy weather, neither side being fully represented. Strawson having lost the toss, the Lindum had to take the field. The home team were first represented by Wigram and Loveday, the bowling being shared by the Lindum captain and Fellows. With the score at nine Wigram was bowled, and Loveday also lost his wicket three runs later. F. K. Long and Upton left at 18, all having been bowled by Fellows, who had taken four wickets for five runs at this period of the game. Two runs later White was bowled by Strawson, and Broadbent, who had followed in, returned the next ball to the bowler, six wickets lying down for seventeen. Upon the Rev. Long and Easley becoming associated runs came more freely, and it was not until forty had appeared on the telegraph board that a separation could be effected. Stealey, who had made 13, being the first to leave. At 43 Millman was caught at the wicket, while four runs later Easton was run out. When the score had reached 50 Kennedy was caught at short slip, and the innings closed, Fellows having taken seven wickets for 26, and Strawson two for 20. Tweed and S. T. Watkins were opposed by Wigram and F. K. Long, and with the fourth ball of the former's first over Watkins was smartly captured in the slips by White. Waldon filled the vacancy, and runs came faster. At thirteen Blyton went on to bowl in place of Long, and at 21 Waldon was caught by White off Wigram. Fellowes then joined Tweed, and the score continued to rise. At thirty-eight White was given a trial with the ball, the change working well, for 44 Tweed sent one from the new bowler into E. K. Long's hands, and one run later Fellowes returned one to Wigram. H. G. Watkins left at 48, and Cousins was joined by his captain, who, after making a couple of singles, left it with Cousins to make the winning hits, but the latter lost his wicket in the same over, Strawson leaving at the same total. Jeffery left at 56, and after running a bye Charles was run out, the innings closing for 67. The home team went in a second time and had made 21 for three wickets when time was called. All three wickets fell at ten to Strawson, who, in trying to catch a sharp return from Stealey, had the misfortune to get his thumb knocked up, and had to retire from bowling; his three wickets were obtained for three runs. The Lindum won the match by seven runs. Score:-

1st Inn.
H. Wigram, b Fellowes 3 not out 13
A. Loveday, b do 8
F. K. Long, b do 2 b Strawson 0
A. E. White, b Strawson 3 c and b Strawson 0
C. Blyton, b Fellowes 0
C. H. K. Long, not out 10
F. Broadbent, c & b Strawson 0 c Andrew, b Strawson 4
G. Stealey, c S. Watkins, b Fellowes 13 not out 3
L. Millman, c H. Watkins, b do 1
H. Easton, run out 0
F. Kennedy, c Strawson, b Fellowes 0
Extras 4
Total 50— Extras 4
Total (3 wkts) 24—

LINDUM.
E. K. Tweed, c E. K. Long, b White 19
S. T. Watkins, c White, b Wigram 0
R. M. Waldon, c White, b Wigram 13
A. E. Fellowes, c & b do 16
H. G. Watkins, b do 2
H. A. Cousins, b do 4
H. A. Strawson, b do 3
F. Andrew, b White 0
J. Haywood, not out 0
G. W. Jeffery, c White, b Wigram 2
J. Charles, run out 0
Extras 7
Total 57—

LINCOLN—ST. HUGH'S v. ST. ANDREW'S INSTITUTE.—Played on the ground of the latter on Saturday last. The rain delayed the commencement of the game till 4.15, when St. Hugh's went in, and after making 51 for five wickets declared their innings closed. The Institute had only made 34 runs for two wickets when time was called. Score:-

ST. HUGH'S.
W J Cannon, run out 18
J Jackson, run out 15
N W Melbourne, h Pearce 6
T J King, not out 10
F J Kennedy, b Pearce 0
F Shaw, o Brodforst, b H Read 0
F King
H Plunigan
F J Delany, not bat.
J Hurd,
A Ward,
Extras 5
Total 51—

ST. ANDREW'S INSTITUTE.
H Trevitt, b Melbourne 9
H Head, not out 21
W Breisford, c Flunigan, b Kennedy 4
F Trevitt, not out 1
Rev'd Truman,
H Carnett,
H Pearce,
B Armstrong,
A Jackson,
J Maddison,
B Deacon,
Extras 1
Total 34—

LINCOLN STAMP END v. NEWARK TOWN.—The visit of Newark Town to the Stamp End ground is looked upon as the principal home fixture of the season, and as the locals had obtained the assistance of H. Daff for Saturday's match exceptional interest attached to the game. Unfortunately for the "gate" the club anticipated, and for the comfort of those who love to witness cricket, the weather was most unfavourable, and it was not until four o'clock that a start could be made. As soon as it was evident there would be a game supporters of the club rapidly appeared on the ground until, considering the weather, there was a good company. The local captain won the toss and decided to bat, sending in Harrod and Mettam to face the bowling of Ringrose and Hollis (pro.). Runs came steadily, but after making five Harrod pt a ball into the hands of Ryan, Kerrigan then partnered Mettam, and a good stand was made, both men playing good cricket. Mettam got several nasty knocks, and was eventually smartly taken at point by Jones. H. Daff now partnered Kerrigan, and those present had the pleasure of witnessing quite a treat in the style of batting. Daff began carefully until he obtained complete control over the bowling, and though several changes were made, it was to no effect. Kerrigan and Simpson, to the delight of the locals, also showed their best form, and although they did not score so fast as Daff, they played a confident game, and thoroughly upheld the credit of the club. Whitlock did not stay long, and then Heywood joined Daft to give him an opportunity of making his score fifty, which he was not long in doing, and the innings was closed with the total at 106, Daft being not out 51. Daft's driving was both clean and powerful, several boundary strokes being included in his score, while he showed a complete command of the bat. But for the length of the grass in the out-field the scores of all who made runs would have been larger. The visitors fared but badly on going to the wicket. They had about an hour to play, with a chance of being defeated, while at the best they could only expect to make a draw. With six wickets down for 23, rains came on and prevented further play. Richardson smartly threw out Dwyer, and a good throw in by the same player enabled Brown to run out Dr. Ringrose. A skilful catch at the wicket by Brown getting rid of Gre. Of the others Heywood bowled Job, Kerrigan caught and bowled Brown, and Cherry was out his wicket of Harrod. Altogether the locals are to be congratulated on the game they played. Score:-

STAMP END.
H Harrod, c T. P. Ryan, b Hollis 5
H Mettam, c Jones, b Ringrose 18
H Kerrigan, b Ringrose 18
H R Daft (Notts County), not out 51
W Whitlock, c Heever, b Ringrose 4
H Simpson, c Brammer, b Ringrose 15
W Heywood, capt., not out 0
T Brown, K Hann, Edwards, and J Richardson, to bat.
Extras 6
Total 106—

NEWARK TOWN.
P P Job, b Heywood 1
W Dwyer, run out 4
F Olaker, c Brown, b Heywood 8
T P Ryan, c & b Kerrigan 0
Dr R Ringrose, capt., run out 4
H Cherry, hit wkt, b Ringrose 4
W Ryan, not out 1
O J Ridge, b Hollis, b Brammer & R Heever, to bat.
Extras 10
Total 32—

HARTSHOLME v. BISHOP'S HOSTEL.—Played at Hartsholme on Monday. Score:-

HARTSHOLME.
A. Taylor, c Chatterton, b Boliero 27
R. Brooks, c & b Boliero 12
F. Haresign, b Chatterton 14
F. Turner, c Freeman, b Chatterton 3
M. C. Cockburn, b Boliero 20
H. N. Sutton, b Chatterton 2
G. Atkins, c Stanley, b Chatterton 3
C. Taylor, c & b Boliero 0
K. Timmins, b Chatterton 0
A. Turner, not out 4
Strudwick, b Chatt rton 1
Extras 9
Total 97—

BISHOP'S HOSTEL.
R. Freeman, b Haresign 1
G. Ward, b do 3
C. Murray, b do 8
R. Boliero, c Turner, b Brooks 20
B. Stanley, c Cockburn, b A. Turner 18
T. Chatterton, b Haresign 0
Canon Crawford, not out 6
E. Smith, b do 6
A. Roycroft, J. Hodgson and W. Priest, to bat.
Extras 2
Total 69—

LINCOLN ST. HUGH'S v. MARKET RASEN.—On Whit-Monday St. Hugh's Club played at Market Rasen a whole day match on the ground of the latter. Market Rasen won the toss and were all out for 38, Mr. Briscoe alone making any stand against the bowling of Melbourne and Kerrigan, the former taking six wickets for 15, and the latter three for 16. On St. Hugh's going bn after lunch, a stand of two hours' duration was made by Jackson and Melbourne. On Jackson leaving a further stand was made by Melbourne and Kerrigan, who added 67 more. Melbourne was then bowled for 62, and when time was called Kerrigan was not out for a freely played 52, the total score on the call of time being 117 for seven wickets. Score:-

MARKET RASEN.
Parsons, b Melbourne 2
Greve, b Kerrigan 1
J. Drakes, b Melbourne 0
Irlisone, b do 10
Fethbridge, b Kerrigan 5
Nettleship, not out 4
Shercliff, run out 3
Holdiman, c Flunigan, b Melbourne 1
Holdeman, b Melbourne 0
Drake, jun., b Kerrigan 1
Chadwick, b Melbourne 4
Extras 7
Total 38—

ST. HUGH'S.
Cannon, lbw, b Robinson 4
Jackson, c Lethbridge, b Parsons 13
Melbourne, b Nettleship 62
Kerrigan, not out 52
King, st., b Lethbridge 0
A. Wilson, b Robinson 3
Shaw, c Drakes, sen., b Nettleship 1
Flunigan, b Robinson 3
Delany, Kennedy and H. Wilson, to bat.
Extras 9
Total 117—

SKEGNESS AND DISTRICT v. NOTTS FORESTERS.—The opening match of the season came off on Whit-Monday. The weather in the morning was squally and threatening, but luckily play was not interfered with during the day. Skegness winning the toss, W. Kitwood and the Skegness professional (Dench) opened for the home eleven, and some good cricket was shown by the batsmen on a rather tricky wicket, Kitwood being first to leave after making 18 runs, Dench playing on shortly after to Morley for 14. E. N. Ashton was at the wickets some time before he was c and b to Hall for a steadily played innings of 10 runs. T. Brearey going in sixth wicket down, with the score standing at 47, made matters rather lively, contributing five fours to the boundary before he was disposed of a hard-hit 31 runs, and the total carried to 80. No further stand was made, the venture closing for 95 runs. The visitors, after the luncheon interval, sent in J. Mackey and M. P. Smith to face the bowling of Dr. Cross and Dench. Twenty-one runs were registered before Mackey was sent back to a splendid catch low down at mid-off by Kitwood, the second wicket also falling to another grand catch by Kitwood—two for 26. A. T. Oliver and M. F. Smith getting set runs were made at a good pace. Dench was here relieved by A. M. Wilson, and 78 runs had been made when Oliver was stumped by Newton off Cross for a well-played 23—five for 78. The game now looked in favour of the visiting team who only wanted 18 runs with five wickets to fall. However, so well did Dr. Cross bowl, the remaining five batsmen put on only eight runs, all falling to the Doctor, who certainly must be congratulated on his maiden venture with the leather for the Skegness Club, his bowling analysis reading 10 overs, 4 maidens, 34 runs, 10 wickets, the home team winning their opening match by the narrow majority of nine runs. Score:-

SKEGNESS.
W Kitwood, b Hall 13
Dench, b Morley 14
Dr Cross, b do 0
W M Epton, b Hall 6
E N Ashton, c & b do 10
A M Wilson, b do 3
M Staniland, b Morley 4
T Brearey, b Hall 31
B Langdon, not out 3
T Ward, b Hall 0
T Newton, c Mackey, b Armitage 0
Extras 11
Total 95—

NOTTS FORESTERS.
J Mackey, b Kitwood 8
M P Smith, b Cross 10
G Tentim, c Kitwood, b Cross 5
A T Oliver, at Newton, b Cross 23
H E A Hall, b Cross 5
J Armitage, c Dench, b Cross 12
A T Norley, ibw, b Cross 0
W Herwood, c & b do 0
B A Smith, b do 4
E Armitage, b do 0
B Weaver, not out 0
Extras 9
Total 86—

SKEGNESS AND DISTRICT v. COOPER CORAM (LEICESTER).—The second match of the season was played on Tuesday last, and was chiefly remarkable for another fine bowling performance by Dr. Cross, who went even "one better" than on the previous day when playing Notts Foresters, as against the visitors from Leicester he took nine wickets, at a cost of only ten runs, the home team winning easily owing to the fine display of bowling already referred to. For Skegness W. Kitwood and Dr. Cross opened against the deliveries of Eastwood and Porring. W. Kitwood, who was in good form, doing most of the run-getting. T. Wilson made some good hits for his ten runs, and E. N. Ashton played steady cricket for a like number. Dench and Kitwood played good cricket while together, the latter being eventually bowled by Eastwood for a well-played innings of 38 runs. The professional's wicket was the last to fall, after making 24 in good form, the innings closing for 113 runs. The team from Leicester sent in Towers and Mountney to the bowling of Dr. Cross and Dench. With the second ball delivery Epton caught Towers at mid-off, off Cross, and five wickets were actually down to Cross in the first four overs delivered for three runs. The only one to make any stand was Mountney, who made 18 not out by steady cricket, the Leicester team being all out by the meagre score of 41 runs. Dr. Cross's analysis is again worthy of mention, viz.—Ten overs, four balls, five maidens, ten runs, nine wickets. Score:-

SKEGNESS.
W Kitwood, b Eastwood 38
Dr Cross, b Perrin 3
M Staniland, retired 4
T Wilson, b Adcock 10
E N Ashton, b Eastwood 10
N H F Stewart, b Adcock 1
Dench, c Towers, b Perrin 24
T Brearey, b Eastwood 0
W M Epton, c Towers, b Eastwood 1
F J Overton, c Eastwood 1
Ashe, not out 11
Extras 7
Total 113—

COOPER CORAM.
Towers, c Epton, b Cross 1
Mountney, not out 18
Adcock, b Cross 0
Harrison, b do 2
Eastwood, b do 0
Porworth, b de 7
Perrin, b do 0
O Lee, c and b do 4
Peter, b Dench 1
Chambers, b Cross 0
Bowley, b do 0
Extras 8
Total 41—