STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 15 JUNE 1895-4.

a longer run. Ten went up and Lyon was bowled for none. Price made 10 and Fleet 3, and three wickets were down for 43 when Payne arrived on the scene. There are no two ways about this festive youngster. He goes in to make runs, and if he does not get them he tries. Burrows was standing back from the wickets, so the lively one had every opportunity to hit at large, and commenced with a 4. Again why should Burrows stand back when the batsmen were continually getting to the ball? Was it experiment No. 4 to see whether Payne knew what he was about? If so, he did, and from north, south, east west, and north-west by south—and did those benighted villagers fetch the ball for the dealer in wet goods to smite it again; 64 runs were added, and then Osborne was bowled by Lightfoot after being badly hit. (125—4—35.) A second display of batting. Dutton made 14 not out, Riley 12, and Fenn 8 not out; but Ajax, or Ernest, had 65 to his credit, including two 5's and four 4's. It was not the best innings of the day, but it counted most, and served the fielding side right. The total was 174 for six wickets, including 21 extras, and the next time Silverdale acts in this manner to a team of the calibre of Crewe, may I be in attendance as the Court at Balmoral on one of my official visits.
The batting of the Silverdale team was not bad; in fact, some of it was good. There was not enough bit about it—the usual fault—and after the fall of the first two wickets the ball did any amount of work. Walklate made 9 and Reynolds 10, while Culkin with some stylish cricket was responsible for 24. J. P. Ellams, F. Ellams, and Fiolin did little, but Burrows made a dozen and then the burly ex-captain had a field day to himself. The score gave him 16, not out, but it should have read 21, and a similar error in byes also cost the home side 2 runs, the aggregate being given as 98 instead of 102, as was the case. Young, Litchfoot, and Beeston, might have made a draw of the match if they had tried their best, but they didn't, and Silverdale lost, and serve them right.
It is with feelings of pride that my village should produce such genius that I proclaim to the world that I have created Mr. G. P. Street, of the village of Silverdale, in the county of Stafford, gentleman, a K.C.O.L.M., and invested him with the insignia of the order, and the mystic brotherhood is thus raised in number to five after a long interval.
The batting averages are not grand up to now, but a few of the best are as under:-
Times
Innings not out Runs Avg.
W. H. Culkin ... 7 ... 0 ... 117 ... 16.7
W. Burrows ... 5 ... 0 ... 62 ... 12.2
F. P. Reynolds ... 7 ... 1 ... 97 ... 16.1
J. P. Ellams ... 5 ... 1 ... 46 ... 11.5
A. Walklate ... 5 ... 1 ... 37 ... 9.2
G. Johnson, who is once more at Rhyl, wishes to thank all his old cricket friends for their kind inquiries, and sends word he is much better.
The second eleven, still minus Beeston, were beaten by Bignall End by 19 runs, a creditable performance under the circumstances, as John Ellams could not get anyone to stay with him. There is any number of complaints about the umpiring, but unfortunately that is always the case with club umpires, and many times with neutral ones, and there is no doubt that had cricket been played in the days of Solomon, the ways of umpires would not have added one more to the list of those four things the sage knew not neither did he understand.

MILTON.
The M.C.C. had their old friends, Leek Church, as visitors to play them a friendly match, which resulted in an easy win for Milton. Leek, batting first, could only make the score of 31, all out, Carding being the only man to make any show with the bat against the bowling of Thursfield and Macefield, Thursfield taking five wickets for 14 runs, and Macefield five for 17. The Miltonians did very well, making 65 for five wickets, Platt 20, not out, and Lilley 13, being the chief contributors.

BIGNALL END.
This team were at home last Saturday, engaged in a League match with Silverdale Second. The visitors are showing excellent form this season, and a good number of spectators journeyed to the Bignall End ground to witness the match. The home club were not fully represented, A. Dale and R. Warburton being absentees. The visitors won the toss, and decided to bat, sending Stanyer and Elkerton to oppose the bowling of T. Burgess and J. Dale. The former clean bowled Elkerton in his first over when he had scored 2, and in his next over he bowled G. Ellams for a duck. J. Dale caught and bowled Barton for 1, and T. Burgess got Stanyer 1 b w when he had scored 3. This was a very poor start for the visitors, four good wickets being down for 9 runs. J. Ellams and F. Dean became partners and a stand was made, the score being run to 20 before F. Dean succumbed to a catch by T. Burgess off Dale. J. Ellams batted well for 22. The innings realised 43. If I am not mistaken, this is the visitors least score this season. The home team commenced with the usual pair, W. Mayer and E. Mayes. The latter was caught by Stanyer off Elkerton before he could score, and W. Mayer was caught off the same bowler when he had made 7; not a very good start. J. Dale and G. Burgess became partners, and both batted in good style. Several changes of bowling were tried but each came in for punishment. The visitors' score was reached before the third wicket fell. J. Dale made 13. The innings realised 72, and we won by 29 runs.
The Second team were at Crewe and got defeated by 22 runs. J. White made 13 not out, H. Foster 9, E. Green 7, A. Warburton and A. Frocter 6 each.
On Monday the League team played the Audley football team captained by J. Dale. The footballers made 60, and the League team 120 for seven wickets. The top scorers were J. Bowley (49) and W. Mayer (51).

NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.
1ST DIVISION.
POSITIONS UP TO AND INCLUDING SATURDAY, JUNE 8TH
Name of Club. Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. Pts.
Crewe ... 7 ... 5 ... 0 ... 2 ... 12
Porthill ... 7 ... 5 ... 1 ... 1 ... 11
Burslem ... 7 ... 4 ... 2 ... 1 ... 9
Tunstall ... 6 ... 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 8
Nantwich ... 7 ... 2 ... 2 ... 3 ... 6
Leek ... 7 ... 1 ... 2 ... 4 ... 6
County Club ... 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 6
Silverdale ... 6 ... 2 ... 3 ... 1 ... 5
Fenton ... 7 ... 2 ... 4 ... 1 ... 5
Norton ... 6 ... 0 ... 5 ... 1 ... 1

2ND DIVISION.
UP TO AND INCLUDING JUNE 8TH.
Clubs. Played Won Lost Drawn Pts.
Nantwich ... 6 ... 5 ... 0 ... 1 ... 11
Bignall End ... 6 ... 5 ... 1 ... 0 ... 10
Leek Church ... 7 ... 3 ... 1 ... 3 ... 9
Audley ... 7 ... 3 ... 3 ... 1 ... 7
Tunstall ... 6 ... 2 ... 2 ... 2 ... 6
Great Chell ... 6 ... 3 ... 5 ... 0 ... 6
Bucknall Church ... 7 ... 1 ... 3 ... 3 ... 5
Silverdale ... 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 3
Cough Hall ... 6 ... 0 ... 5 ... 1 ... 1

There was some good scoring done in most of the League matches played on Saturday. A fine day, with wickets hard and fast, could scarcely bring about any other result.
At Stoke the Club and Ground met Leek, and the "City of the Moorlands" team put on the very respectable total of 135 before the last wicket fell. Kirkby, who made 45 against Crewe a week ago, again played a big innings, making 59, his highest total up to the present in League cricket. Messrs. Cunliff, Wright, and Bockwell assisted in bringing up the total. The Club and Ground replied with 125 for seven wickets, a wonderful performance, considering the time at the Club's disposal. Messrs. Heaton, Crallan, Billingsley, and Dawson were the principal scorers, and when time was called three wickets had to fall with only 10 runs to make. On paper the draw was certainly in favour of the County Club.
At Burslem the "wooden spoonists" paid a visit, and against them Burslem totted up what to the present has been the top score in League matches this year, viz., 137 for nine wickets. Brownfield played a good hitting innings for 32, and Hulme, Lomu, Booth and Ellis, all reached a respectable score. Norton's response was a very feeble one, not one of its players even reaching double figures, and an innings, which was very monotonous, was finished when 41 runs were totalled.
A rather interesting fixture was fought out by Porthill and Fenton at Wolstanton. When Porthill had made but the poor score of 43 runs they had lost seven of their best wickets, but the tail wagged considerably, and the respectable total of 121 for nine wickets was at last reached, mainly owing to the creditable innings by Holdcroft (40, not out), Bateman (23), and the Rev. F. W. Iladam (12). Fenton's innings was the exact opposite to Porthill's, the major portion of the runs being made in the early part of the innings. Messrs. J. Turner and Q. Merritt put on 43 runs between them, and at this juncture it must have appeared favourable to the visitors' side. Bennetts and Bateman, however, from this point carried all before them, and the last wicket fell as 69.
Tunstall was visited by Nantwich, and the home team succeeded in making 91 runs. Mastock, 36, was the highest scorer. Nantwich made short work of this, and amassed 145 for seven wickets. Hollowood carried out his bat for 66 runs, his highest score in League cricket.
Crewe visited Silverdale, and assisted by an innings of 53 runs by E. Payne, 39 by Osborne, and very creditable scores by other players, made 174 for eight wickets, when the innings was declared closed. At one time it looked 20 to 1 in favour of a draw, but a speedy demolition of the last wickets of Silverdale brought out Crewe once more the winning team, Silverdale's total amounting to only 99 runs.
The day's cricket brings out several League records. For nearly 300 runs to be made on the Silverdale ground in less than four hours and a half is certainly a feat that has never been done before, and that is not likely to be done again for some considerable time. For three teams to declare their innings closed in one day is also an item that has never been chronicled. The attendance at each of the matches was good, and bespeaks the sustained interest that this organisation has upon the cricket-loving public in this district.
To-day only four matches are arranged: County v. Tunstall, Leek v. Burslem, Nantwich v. Fenton, and Silverdale v. Porthill.