WATFORD OBSERVER: SATURDAY 17 AUGUST 1895-3.

ATHLETIC NOTES.

Matches for to-day are as follows:—West Herts v. Frogmore, on the West Herts Ground; Kings Langley v. Apsley, at Kings Langley; the Roamers v Pinner, at Pinner; Watford Brewery v. Cannon Brewery, on the Watford Brewery Ground; Rickmansworth v. Oriel, at Rickmansworth; Melrose v. The Grove, at the Grove.

On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 20th and 21st, Hertfordshire v. Berkshire, at Reading.

On Wednesday, the 21st, West Herts v. St. Albans, at St. Albans; Stanmore v. Bushey, at Bushey.

To-day, the Watford Cycling Club run to Hertford.

For the fourth time in succession West Herts have fallen before Bushey in the cricket field, on Saturday being beaten by 83 runs on the first innings. The match was the last of the Bushey cricket week, and aroused much excitement, there being a large number of spectators present who took a keen interest in the play.

Having won the toss Bushey went first to the wickets, and aided by 52 runs from R. B. Cruise and half that number from H. C. S. Cooper, the score at the fall of the last wicket stood at 153. The West Herts attempt was not successful and the visitors were all dismissed for 70, an excellent partnership by G. H. Nelson and B. A. F. Astley saving an utter rout. Being compelled to follow on, Burrows was chiefly instrumental in raising the score to 43 for two wickets.

If only to see the fielding of the home side the match was worth watching, for wherever the ball went, one of the Bushey fielders was sure to be. Of the fourteen catches which were brought off in the two first innings, the most noticeable were those by Barker and Evans. The former displaced Harford and the latter Barker.

The match on Friday between the Erratics and Bushey was a most runaway affair for the home-sters. Bushey when they had lost nine wickets for 204 declared their innings closed, and against the bowling of Ward and Cooper the Erratics put together 87, and in the second innings 16 for the loss of a wicket.

Of the six matches played, two have been won, one drawn (slightly in favour of Bushey), and three lost. The teams conquered were Erratics and West Herts; the drawn match was with Vampires, when against the Bushey total of 146, the Vampires had lost four wickets for 63; and the three matches lost were with Leinster, H. J. Bladon's XI., and Old Hurst Johnians, the Johnians disposing of Bushey for the paltry score of 20.

The chief scores of the week for Bushey were first and foremost H. M. Harford's 81 against the Vampires, and after that 48 by G. E. Green against H. J. Bladon's XI., W. P. H. Ward's 42 against the Erratics, and R. B. Cruise's 52 against West Herts. For Leinster W. Jameson scored 49, and for the Old Hurst Johnians P. A. Stuart was responsible for 42.

Herts are to be congratulated on winning the return match against Worcestershire on Friday and Saturday by seven wickets. It will be remembered that in the match at Watford, the result was just the opposite, Worcestershire winning by ten wickets.

White was a great factor in the Herts success, as going in eighth wicket down he played a grand innings of 64 not out. In the first innings of Worcestershire he captured five wickets at a cost of 52 runs.

Rain quite spoilt the first match of the St. Albans cricket festival. On Monday the Gentlemen of Herts made 244, Butcher being responsible for 68, and to that the homesters replied with 30 for two wickets, while on Thursday rain prevented any play.

On Friday, the 23rd, a general meeting of the West Herts Club will be held at the Rose and Crown Hotel, at which the members will be informed of the arrangements for the football season. A captain will also be appointed for the Reserve team

Dunstable Town and Guys Hospital will be amongst the clubs that are to be met next season.

The Reserves will have a stiff programme to get through. Additional fixtures have been arranged with Old Fullerians, Melrose, Wembley, Oroxley, St. George's School, Harpenden, Bushey Grove, Aston Rovers, and Old Quintinians.

We hope to be in a position to publish the complete list of fixtures in a few days. The first team has only two vacant dates (of course excluding the two Bank holidays).

Followers of the West Herts Football team will learn with much regret that J. S. Lidderdale will not be seen in the eleven this year, as we are informed by Mr. C. R. Humbert that he has heard from him that he has been offered an appointment in Burmah which he has accepted, and will sail on the 20th inst. Everyone will join with us in wishing him bon voyage and every success in his new sphere.

H. M. Harford will of course fill the vacancy and we hear also that some new blood is likely to be seen in the forward rank. R. G. Wright, too, has finished his scholastic duties at Aldenham, and there is every probability of his playing regularly.

We would remind any playing members requiring a place in the team to communicate with Mr. Humbert, who will be glad to give all particulars.