NEWCASTLE DAILY JOURNAL: THURSDAY 29 AUGUST 1895 - 1.

A NORTHUMBERLAND COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.

On Monday evening a meeting under the presidency of Earl Grey was held in the Crown Hotel to receive and consider a report of the committee appointed at the commencement of the season to carefully inquire into and report as to what steps, in their opinion, should be taken with a view of promoting county cricket in Northumberland, the old club having ceased to exist. Very few persons indeed responded to the call, which was inadequately advertised. In fact the arrangements were so defective that no room had been engaged in the hotel, hence the necessity of having to take refuge in the bar, the atmosphere of which was considerably heated, a faux pas, which had a most depressing effect upon the few who were there in the real interest of the game, and who saw in it a clear indication of the nullity with which it concluded. No report of any kind was read by the hon. secretary, Mr Mortimer, who, I understand, resides in Lancashire, and it is very doubtful whether any such document was presented, as the noble chairman appeared to rely upon a few notes hastily made, of which he made the most. The meeting was in no way representative of the large number of persons who are devoted to cricket in Northumberland, and its comments did not at all represent their aspirations. Only a few were even consulted on the subject, and hardly any knew that a meeting was to take place. The gentlemen forming the committee are for the most part well known and highly esteemed in the county, as well as in Newcastle, and they have been more or less identified with its cricket, but, unfortunately, in a manner not likely to command confidence at so critical a juncture, and I am afraid that the perfunctory way in which they performed the very delicate and important duty entrusted to their care is not likely to inspire the district with any great amount of hope that they will act differently in the future. For the sake of argument let us admit that they did their best in accordance with their own lights, spending, perhaps, much valuable time over the job, and enduring some self-sacrifice which is the best test of sincerity. Nevertheless, they utterly failed to formulate any practical scheme on which immediate action could possibly be taken, but they did recommend further delay so that those who were in favour of forming a County Club might testify the same by sending their names to Messrs Lambton and Co., bankers, Grey Street. Should this manoeuvre bear the interpretation that those gentlemen are going to finance the undertaking, I am prepared to call pecavi, for it is upon the sinews of war we must absolutely depend, a commodity which, up to the present, has been overlooked. May I be allowed to compare the procedure of the Berkshire County Executive with that of the committee to which I have referred (Northumberland) to, I believe, the commencement of this year. To begin with, proper respect was shown to their chairman (Prince Christian), and the Town Hall of Reading was obtained, and the importance of their meeting made manifest by securing the presence of the Mayors of Reading and Wokingham, Lord G. Pratt, Sir G. Russell, M.P., Mr J. Palmer, M.P., the Hon. W. Barrington, Mr Wroughton, M.P., Mr Mount, M.P., Col. Van de Weyer, and many other gentlemen of influence, besides delegates from 39 clubs, whose gentlemen from all parts of the county were placed on the committee. I cannot believe that the nobility and gentry of this exceptionally wealthy county and neighbourhood advisedly keep aloof from a pastime which the noble chairman so forcibly stated afforded Englishmen the greatest enjoyment and which game is so free from the vices which surround so many other sports. I have always thought it very strange that the very excellent men who preach and lecture us so freely upon the virtues of temperance and other habits of moderation and gentleness, systematically shun the cricket field. It is never too late to mend, and if Mr Mortimer and his colleagues will set to work in a methodical and businesslike way to secure proper representative, and in other ways bring about an enthusiastic gathering in November, the child of their adoption may be saved, and the necessity of chanting its funeral dirge averted.
SPERO MELIORA.