WATFORD OBSERVER: SATURDAY 31 AUGUST 1895-3
ATHLETIC NOTES.
Matches for to-day are as follows:—Watford Brewery v. Boxmoor, at Boxmoor; Cannon Brewery v. Bushey Grove, at Little Otterspool; the Roamers v. Permanent Way, at Callow Land; Rickmansworth v. Finchley, at Finchley.
To-day, the Watford Cycling Club run to Slough.
To-day, the Watford Wheelers run to Willesden, at 8.30, and on Wednesday evening they go to Little Gaddesden.
In another column will be found full details of the West Herts cricket season. Although eight matches have been lost, the results do not fall behind those of previous years as such teams as the the Gentlemen of Herts and Eton Ramblers have never before been beaten in Watford. There is also a very marked increase in the batting averages, although this would seem to be general as the bowlers have not come off so well this season as last. The losses, however, have been chiefly confined to the end of the season, and are easily accounted for by the fact that those players who were left at home were becoming stale, while others who earlier in the season had helped the club to victory were either playing in more important matches or were away on their holidays.
Undoubtedly the most useful player in the team has been White. After playing in nineteen matches he comes third in the averages with almost 37 runs, while in the bowling division he is second, having taken 105 wickets at a cost of about eleven runs each. Of the 539 overs which he has sent down, almost one-third have been maidens. There can unfortunately be no record kept of fielding, or it would then be seen what services White has rendered there—and perhaps how many chances were thrown away by some of the others. Not the least part of his performances is the making of two centuries, one against Harrow Weald and the other against Stanmore.
Another hero is J. Woods, who this season has shown even greater form with the bat than with the ball. His average of 32.31 is the result of steady and consistent cricket, his highest score being 118 (not out) against Stanmore. His bowling average is not as good as that of last year when it stood at 10.81, but ample compensation is made by his improvement in batting.
H. J. Hill, of St. Albans, and the county, heads the batting list with the excellent average of 51.96. He has of course played only six innings, and in one of them not out, but it is in every way a splendid achievement. He is followed by R. B. Barker, who also played against West Herts for St. Albans, and who has an average of 42.11 after nine innings.
The only other batsman with an average of over 20 is H. H. Cobb, who has been such a brilliant member of the team.
It is rather strange that this season he has not once reached three figures. Although he has played 14 innings, his cricket has not been confined to the West Herts Club, as he has scored well both for the Gentlemen of Herts and St. Albans.
A. C. Beaton heads the bowling averages with his 24 wickets taken at an average of 7.58. He is also at one end of the batting list. F. E. Burrows, who last year came out with a bowling average of 3.3 amongst those who had taken less than eleven wickets, this year occupies the third position in the higher flight. He has taken 12 wickets and has an average of 13.
A batsman who has this season been much to the front is J. A. Murray, who ranks sixth in the list. C. B. Humbert, after going to the wickets 18 times, comes out with an average of 18.68. He has been very unfortunate this season. Last year he was third with 25.07.
Of those members who have not figured in six innings W. B. Collins has an average of only one short of a hundred. His score of 172 not out against Stanmore was of course of great help to him. Next comes O. Pigg with 72. He also is responsible for a century, scoring 100 not out against the Nondescripts in the Club Cricket Week. G. M. Jones has an average of 29.66 for their innings.
In the County results, for Watford cricketers, the only satisfactory feature of the whole season's play is White's position in the averages. Exactly half of the matches on the card have been lost, while three have been drawn, and only two won. Owing to rain the second match of the West Herts County Week, against Berks, ended in a draw greatly in favour of Herts, the first having been won. At the Oval, on June 27th and 28th, Surrey ran up the score of 547 for four wickets, and on the second day declared their innings closed. Herts, notwithstanding, made a gallant uphill fight, the match ending in a draw.
But to revert to White, the popular Watford pro. is second in the batting averages with 18.58 after playing 15 innings, while as a bowler he has met with considerable success, coming out with an average of 17.4. Although there are other players with better averages, it has been upon Titchmarsh and him that the brunt of the bowling has fallen, and those to whom Titchmarsh's form is known will understand what it means for White to be above him.
The premier place in the batting averages falls to the Rev. F. W. Poland, who, however, has only figured in eight innings. After White come Titchmarsh, H. J. Hill, A. Butcher, Hearn, and Field. The bowler, for whom the county have to thank Sir J. Blundell Maple, has met with greater success with bat than with ball, as against his one wicket for 19 runs runs he has scored 155 runs in eleven innings.
As to future success, the County can do no more than hope that it is improbable that they can much longer remain as unfortunate. Perhaps the Varsities or one of the schools may unearth some men who will raise the name of Herts in the cricket field.
Four runs, although unfortunately on the wrong side, separated the Uxbridge and West Herts scores, on Saturday. By M. S. Ward missing a catch from C. G. Stone soon after the commencement of the Uxbridge innings West Herts lost a lot of ground. Otherwise the visitors' fielding was all that could have been desired.
As with the death of one king there succeeds another, so when cricket finishes football follows. If in the sister sport the West Herts Club be as fortunate as they have been at cricket they will indeed have cause for congratulation.
The football is already to be seen in the Watford district, and practice should be freely indulged in now cricket has reached its last days for the season. Players are beginning to talk of their future prospects, and the hon. secretaries of clubs alike are very active.
In Watford enthusiasm seems like reaching a higher pitch than usual and, judging by the fixture lists already seen, the matches arranged are stronger, and should prove more interesting for the spectators, and good tests for the local representatives.
The West Herts team should prove a very strong combination after a few weeks' play, and it is to be sincerely hoped that they will stick firmly to the club, and come up to scratch week by week, and that it may be our pleasure to record many victories. The team selected is to be a permanent one, and when accidents arise the re-organized Reserves will be a useful supply store to pick from.
We give in another column the lists of fixtures for both teams, which have been arranged with much care and forethought.
Mr. C. B. Humbert has had no easy task to get together the good team he announced at the special meeting held on Friday last. To get a team to promise to a man to make any club his first love is a great achievement, for many place the honour of playing before larger crowds above patriotism and esprit de corps which are big factors in any club team. Mr. Humbert is always on the qui vive for fresh attractions to the ground, and this time the idea is to engage the Lady Footballers in the season, probably on the 5th of October, while the first team will be away at Wolverton. Of course the game itself will not be very scientific, but Watford people like to see novelties. One must naturally expect to see some miskicks and high kicks, but heading will be out of the question, and they have little idea of shooting at goal; however there is no doubt that their appearance on the West Herts Ground, should terms be favourable, will prove a source of amusement and a help to the club funds.
H. M. Harford who is getting into hard condition, will again captain the first string, and the everwelcome J. B. Paull will be by his side with advice and experience, always useful.