STAFFORDSHIRE SENTINEL: SATURDAY 8 JUNE 1895 - 5.

The tail-end of a team is always looked upon as a bit shaky, but still, had rain and time allowed, we had every hope of securing a victory. The fall of the first wickets compared very favourably with that of Sandbach, but it is not often the last four wickets in an ordinary club are good for 70 odd runs, as was the case with Sandbach. A comparison therefore is rather difficult.
One especially pleasing feature of the game was the display of fielding Macclesfield gave.
I should like to shake hands with Mr. Hodgson, who was given out l.b.w. I have followed cricket for some years now, but he is the first gentleman I have met who has freely acknowledged the justice of the umpire's decision when given out for this vexatious breach of the rules.
The Central Co-operative Club had a most enjoyable jaunt out Wilmslow way, where they acquitted themselves very creditably against the League eleven. After scoring 78 for nine wickets they closed their innings and left Wilmslow with 50 minutes to beat them. When time was called the Macclesfield total had reached 48 for three wickets. For the Guilds Reddish came off with flying colours, scoring 40 not out.
On Wednesday Macclesfield had a fixture at with Benholme; but a little discretion must be used occasionally, and consequently full details are withheld, otherwise we might have the County Committee after us en bloc.

NOTES AND COMMENTS.

Cricketing honours have been falling pretty heavily on cricketers, who are now playing for local clubs, or who have Staffordshire connections. Marlow, who a few years ago was the finest bat in the Staffordshire County eleven, made 155 for his adopted county—Sussex—against Somerset, a county he played against for his native shire about four years ago, when his side were defeated by an innings and over 200 runs. Bennett, the new Porthill pro., who has hitherto played under the residential qualification for Cheshire, played—and played well—for Derbyshire—in which county he was born, on Monday and Tuesday against Hampshire. King, also of Porthill (if we are not mistaken), did something towards defending Essex for Leicestershire on the same date. The chief scorer on the Leicester side against Yorkshire was Holland, of Nantwich.

Thursday seems to be a regular day for big scoring. So far this season the heaviest scoring has taken place on Thursdays. In all (save one) of the first-class matches which commenced two days ago the first innings yielded uncommonly big totals. Here are the figures:—Sussex, 516; Cambridge University, 515; Lancashire, 467; M.C.C. and Ground, 448; Surrey, 405. Yorkshire's 193 was a comparatively light total. Including this, these first innings totals amount in the aggregate to 2,561. Of these nine batsmen made 1,077—an average of 120 each. Thus, nearly all obtained on one day, are remarkable figures.

The Caverswall club have had a fairly busy time of it this Whitsuntide, but they have just reason to be satisfied with the results of their matches. Of four played, including last Saturday's encounter, not one has been lost or drawn; all of them have ended in victories. Against Cheddleton they scored 111, the visiting club being dismissed for as near half as it was possible to get of that total, viz., 55. Against Porthill on Monday the team ran up a total of 182 against which the visitors made 134. Messrs. Bowers, Bridgwood, Young, Bettaney, and Cooper were the chief scorers. At Denstone on Tuesday, 102 runs were scored, the Collegians being dismissed for 75. Mr. Morgan's bowling played havoc with the students, five of whom fell to him for 29. On Wednesday, Fenton were the visitors, and they ran up the score of 122 before the last wicket fell. The home club, however, were more than equal to the occasion, the Fenton total being passed with five wickets in hand. Mr. J. H. Copcutt has proved a most valuable acquisition to the team. The old Longton and district player is in splendid form just now, and his batting displays always give pleasure to the onlookers, science and dash being combined in his play. Booth, the pro., is also doing capital service in all departments. On Saturday he took six wickets for 19 runs, and on Tuesday he knocked 20 runs at Denstone. His stumping of the Fenton captain on Wednesday was a very smart bit of work, and all round the Porthill man has proved himself to be a good investment.

A local cricketer who had a favourite ditty, which has become pretty well-known, has laid it by since last Saturday, and intends to learn something new. That he could sing was known as well as the fact that he could play cricket. It happened unluckily for him last Saturday that he was given no other good chance than to run about for the ball; he was kept going all the afternoon, and when time was called for drawing stumps, and for the enjoyment of a good meal he was not the last to leave the scene of action. He remained one of a jolly company, and his turn came at last to sing. One of those things which are nasty, whether spoken in innocence or with sarcasm, and which one would rather have left unsaid, proved a jarring note on the harmony of the proceedings. The cricketer was asked to give his favourite song, and no wonder that he haughtily declined. The song the company wanted was "After the ball," and remembering how often he had been after it that afternoon he thought his friends were going, or wanted to drive him, a little too far.

Nantwich Second, Audley, Bignall End, and Leek Church are all in the running for the championship of the Second Division of the League. The Wichers at present lead, and are the only undefeated team. Nine points out of a possible ten is good going. Clongh Hall, on the other hand, with one out of a possible twelve, bid fair to bring up the rear unless they mend very quickly.

H. H. J. Woods the Anglo-Australian, who has done so much for Somerset, accomplished a performance yesterday, which will probably stand for some time unrivalled. He scored 215 runs. This is the highest innings ever recorded for the western county. It was not so much, however, what he did as the way in which he did it which excites the admiration. Somerset went in against a score of 218, to which Willie Marlow had contributed 133. Four wickets were down for 97, when "Sammy" Woods joined Paynton. He remained from the first to hit. His first 50 occupied him half-an-hour. He reached his century in 80 minutes, and his second in an additional 55 minutes. In all he was at the wickets only two hours and a half and scored 215 out of 232 put on while he was in. He hit a 5, thirty-two 4's, five 3's, and fourteen 2's. Woods, it will be remembered, came out as a fast bowler. He has represented England both at cricket and at Rugby football.

The efforts made by Mr. A. H. Heath and the Rev. F. K. Mainwaring in "getting Staffordshire on its cricketing legs again," are warmly commended by the Cricket Field, which has pleasure in being able to record that there is every prospect of success attending their efforts, and that interest in cricket in the Potteries has been stimulated to a very great degree, chiefly by means of the North Staffordshire Cricket League. It only needs the county eleven to "show a good account of themselves in the field to ensure fairly large gates. The League both in its senior and junior branches has done its part. The county matches—Bursem being (this paper thinks) especially unsportsmanlike in this respect—but this will probably be overcome if the county were to be more strong.

That football can be made a paying concern is proved by the Everton Club Company. At their annual meeting this week the chairman, in moving the adoption of the accounts, said the directors were presenting nothing shorter than a marvellous balance-sheet, considering the short period of working (three years) since the present regime. The balance-sheet was one which must commend the regard both in the sporting and the commercial world. During the three years they had written off for depreciation of fixtures, &c., £1,844. They had paid 7s. 6d. percent of dividends (£143 on the 281 shares issued) and had placed £2,000 to the credit of the profit and loss account. In other words, they had during the three years made no less a sum than £2,319. Of course they had had three very successful seasons, but these adverse circumstances meet them in the immediate future they had something to fall back upon without calling upon the shareholders or bankers for they argued. During the past three years they had handed upwards of £1,000 to charity. While the snows of last winter continued, 1,000 tickets were distributed on the ground, and between 12,000 and 13,000 meals were distributed. This is a good record without counting the points shown on the League table. It is an example to Stoke, who will be well advised if they can follow it.

JUNIOR CRICKET GOSSIP.

Saturday last was not by any means too favourable for our popular summer pastime, but nevertheless many matches were brought to a definite conclusion.

Clough Hall cannot somehow cope against their neighbouring clubs with any amount of success, and were again defeated on Saturday last by Great Chell. The game took place at Clough Hall, and, batting first, the home-sters fared disastrously, eight wickets falling for 18 runs. Upon Neate and Bowen joining each other, however, a useful stand was made, each batsman playing well, and finally the innings closed for 48, Neate having obtained 11 and Bowen 16 not out. The visitors easily knocked off the required runs with only four wickets down, Faulkner playing dashing cricket for his 30, the Chellites thus winning easily.

Nantwich Second after giving an excellent batting performance against Silverdale Second were robbed of victory by the rain, the score standing 127 for five wickets. Skaiston batted splendidly for 81 not out, while Hinde also showed good form for 21.

Fenton Second and Basford on their own ground. Batting first the visitors could do very little with the bowling of George Mullinger and Sassland, and they were all dismissed for 23. Boullemier obtained five wickets for 15 runs. Against this the home-sters showed much better form, and putting together the total of 55 runs, won easily. Radford 11 and Trafford 15 showing good form for their respective scores.

Hanford met their old opponents Littleport, who batted first. With the exception of Dorgber (15) nothing could be done with the bowling of Glover and Williams, and the whole side were dismissed for 32 runs. Upon going to the wickets the Hanford batsmen did not by any means show form good enough to secure a victory; but thanks to the efforts of Drinkwater, who scored 9 at a critical time, the match was pulled out of the fire by 10 runs.