BIRKENHEAD ADVERTISER: SATURDAY 24 AUGUST 1895 - 1.

CRICKET.
BY UBIQUE.

RESPECTED SIR,—Far be it from me to deny, or even deprecate, the gingerbread-making qualities of that marvellous place, Ormskirk ; but, sir, I must gently but firmly draw the line at what the Ormskirk natives glorify by the name of cricket. Cricket, forsooth ! 1—Eh ? Where's Ormskirk ? You don't mean to say you never heard of Peerless Ormskirk ? Dear, dear ! What appalling ignorance ! Why, you can find it on the map with a microscope and a week to spare—

Oh ! Ormskirk is a marvellous spot;
A marvellous spot it be.
And woe to the man who says it's not :—
(With bullets of gingerbread he'll be shot)—
For the natives can point on the map to a blot
As big as the eye of a flea.

And it boasts a standing population of a cricket (?) team, seven enthusiastic spectators, and a small dog. Oh ! and also a gent. what scores for the team and makes speeches with an average of 45 perorations about the paralysing miracles of batting with which the players weekly astound the world as it stares gaping and transfixed with wonder and awe. What's that ? Well, if you don't believe me ask the select audience which was grouped within and around the scoring box last Saturday, and which went black in the face with suppressed laughter as the Petrifying Puffer held forth during the progress of the fiasco between Ormsquirk and the Park.

Yes, sir ! Fiasco is the right and only term to apply to the occasion,—none other genuine. For I do not speak without serious consideration when I protest that of all the many and various samples of the noble art of batting I have seen, never—I emphatically repeat—never have I experienced so insufferably feeble and unworthy an exhibition as that of Ormskirk on the Park's ground last week end. Faugh ! I scarce have patience to think of it ;—of the hundreds at the match not one spectator with a spark of manliness or sportsmanship in him, could look at the farce without a sneer of contempt or a disgusted exclamation. And the remarks of the scornful crowd were numerous and varied, but very much to the point. But let me rouse your indignation by a short description of the thing. In the first place, to show there was no ill-feeling, the Park lost the toss ; which, considering Ormskirk's somnolent methods, was fatal. For when Ormskirk goes to the wickets and begins to "bat," the spectators are liable to fall into a refreshing sleep. Though, to speak fairly and give them their due, I have known an Ormskirk player, under favourable circumstances, to make a two hit ! But one cannot always expect such a feat.

Well, the gingerbread purveyors, with great assiduity commenced to block every ball that toddled up the pitch and the scoring for an hour averaged upwards of one run to each over ! But what price this,—Ormskirk took an hour to score their first 50 runs ! ? We had to pour cold water down the Park-scorer's neck to keep him awake,—he wasn't used to it. All sorts of bowlers were tried, but it was block, block, block, and nothing came of it, but frantic yells of delight from the crowd when one of the stone-waller's scored a single ! Which was a rare occurrence. As time dragged wearily on, and maiden overs were painfully fashionable, I could stand it no longer, and went for a walk to have a quiet swear to myself. When I returned—joy ! the last Ormskirk stick in the mud was bowled, and I then discovered that the whole eleven had positively and actually taken up 3 (three !) hours in scoring a total of 149 runs ! I muttered a prayer of thanksgiving that it was all over, and washed it down with a No. 9 Pipkin.

You may bet your respectability that Holden and Co. were just itching to lay their hands on the bat, and show these timid Ormskirkers how runs were made. And, by the Hokey !—but stay ; all in good time. As the gingerbread gents had very carefully contrived to leave the Park three-quarters of an hour in which to bat, our premiers could not expect to give their opponents the all-powerful thrashing they administered at the last meeting. So Ormskirk had gained their end. Well, Holden and Ould opened the cannonade, and I may say at once that the captain's phenomenal display of gigantic hitting has rarely, if ever, been equalled on the Park ground,—which is a large order ! Bennion and Barnes were the thunderers to suffer. I wept for them. Thirty-four runs in five overs ! Four upon four came from Cecil's wonderful strokes, and at one time he followed up four successive boundary hits by swiping the ball clean over the pavilion for 6 ! What a paralysing contrast to Ormskirk's senile pottering at the crease! For, though but 30 minutes at the wickets Holden piled up 51 runs, which, with the exception of five singles, was one mass of 4's with a 6 thrown in for the sake of variety. With apologies to "The Man that Struck O'Hara,"—

First he spenked 'em through the crowd,
Then he bauled 'em where he chose ;
Then he had another go—
Smiting sixes fours and twos !
Such a sight you never saw —
(Ormskirk but for time would lose)
Rat-tat-tat !
A whirling bat,
A high-kicked ball
Was left—that was all—
Of poor Ormskirk's gruelling bowling !

And the sanguine scorer who made speeches said "Well, I never did !" and tried to change the subject. When time arrived the Park had totalled 75 in three quarters of an hour, and having six wickets in hand, nothing come of it—to the visitors' relief. Of course, had there been time to win the home eleven would have adopted steadier tactics, but Cecil always knows when to do the right thing, more power to him. And in awakening the crowd sleeping under the influence of the Ormskirk-narcotic, he did the greatest thing of all. Ormskirk ! Bah ! I'd strike 'em off the fixture list, eh W— ?

When Oxton tried conclusions with Huyton, at Oxton, on Saturday, a Liverpool cricketer remarks, "small scoring was the order." Of course, it's purely a matter of taste, but though "small scoring" was the order for Oxton and Huyton, some degraded people would prefer their order to be small Scotch ! Not too small, but just lemon enough. [The Local Voice will please excuse the culpable outburst of Humanity.] Huyton, batting first, fell away, so to speak, on the spot. Their experience was indeed a sad one, for the Bowling-Bishop and Smith relieved them of their duties by the time the total had hobbled up by jerky stages to 55. Oxton smiled largely as they proceeded to knock 'em off. But Oxton are sanguine persons, and you never can tell. For our suburbans manifested an alarming propensity for hatching "ducks," and wanted—very badly !—about 10 runs to win when the ninth wicket went by the board. But—dear old "but" !—amid tremulous excitation and agitated gaspings, P. Brownell and W. Scott saw the sinking ship safe through the breakers into harbour (pardon the simile), and when the last man was "petted" Oxton had reached the winning post first by 7 runs. Those similes have got a bit mixed up somehow, so we had better escape to Aigburth.

At Aigburth, on Saturday, Rock Ferry were busy replying to Liverpool's challenge. But they were more busy with the ball than the bat, for the castigation they had to submit to covered the whole ground, and so did the South End fielders, many times over. People said that after such a thrashing the hearts of the Rocks would be pained and sore, but all practical persons will agree with me that after such a "burst" of fielding, the soreness would be located in their feet. I merely offer this as an 'umble opinion, and as a guarantee of good faith. However, Fax is what we're hankering after. Rock Ferry opening the batting, immediately parted with the wickets of Kripps, Ravenscroft, and A. Stott, two of whom would get their l.b.w. It was a bad business. This ominous decay was delayed by Needam (32) and T. R. Bretherton (15), but the remainder of the eleven, " not to be denied," had a little rot " on their own," which was so successful that the grand total recorded was 67. Not very dazzling, was it ? By the way, Needham was also out l.b.w. Three leg-before decisions are enough to drive an eleven into an asylum—hotel. Minus the discomfort of having to face E. C. Ryland—who would have done them a world of good on such a wicket—Liverpool enjoyed themselves, as I have hinted, and the fun waxed fast and—faster (Ha, ha ! caught you tripping there, eh ?) and when hostilities ceased they had piled up 178 for 7 wickets. The only South End bowler to make an impression was A. Stott, who captured 6 of the 7 wickets for only 39 runs. If Ryland had been there to help him, who can tell what—"ifs" are idle now !

As I witnessed part of the contest between Victoria and New Brighton, at the Park, on Saturday, I certainly expected the Vics to annex what I thought would be a well-merited triumph. Instead of which they were beaten by 31 runs, so that New Brighton have avenged the unhappy downfall they underwent when the season was young. A trifle more of that estimable cricketing virtue, consistency, would have given the homesters the palm, for they could unfortunately only produce three double-figurers, viz.—J. McDonald—the substantial old warrior—(48), J. Wylde (23), and G. Lumgair (16). Only this and nothing more. And I would respectfully inquire of such hitters as W.T. J. Brocklebank, Tom Fish, &c., why this unwarrantable thunnss ? Now, on the other hand, the visitor's distribution of duty gives one a sensation of satisfaction when looking at their list, as the double-figurists were seven strong. Yes, "we are seven."

At last ! our Police 1st eleven have had to knuckle under and sing exceedingly small ; though Bromhro Pool on Saturday surely "made them dance." The contest, which was witnessed at the Pool, was a surprise and no mistake. In this way. The home eleven—who are famously erratic in mixing up,—

Great deeds, and doings small,
Other deeds and none at all !

with the assistance of J. Pugh (44 not out), and the Rev. F.B. (20), totted up 123. The boys in "white" promised to cover this in double-quick time, A. Wright and J. Howard—each 20 runs—commencing the visitors' retaliation in brisk fashion. But the ways of the Bromhro Bowlers are curious and inscrutable, and lo and behold ! likewise ecco ! not another policeman could stand before them ; the remaining 9 rotted to a man, and the constables' feelings were hurt when they suddenly discovered that they were beaten by 33 runs !

A nameless individual writes :—

DEAR SIR,—Referring to the remarks in your cricket notes on Saturday last re the cricket match Bromboro Pool v. Birkenhead Victoria, I notice, as on many previous occasions, you do not give the Poolites the credit that is due to them. You state that the Pool had first turn at the wickets, which was a considerable advantage. Now this is not the case, as the Victoria had the first use of the wicket, and being that you attribute their downfall partly to them having to bat second, it makes the Pool's victory all the more meritorious. Hoping for the future you will be a little more correct in your reports,
INTERESTED.

The italics are mine. I am not surprised that "Interested" had not sufficient manliness to enclose his name and address ; as it is quite in the nature of things that a person who can stoop to such untruthful allegations, can only be expected to strike in the dark. As to my last Saturday's mistake, as Bromboro' Pool never trouble to send me the reports of their engagements, I must obtain information from whatever other source is available ; and if an error thus creeps in, the Pool have only themselves to thank. As to the anonymous snarl that on "many previous occasions," I have not given the Pool due credit, if my hidden gentleman will step out into the light like an honest man, drop generalities for facts, and name his "occasions," I shall be able to deal with him as he deserves.

As I was not able to see the Park v. Victoria engagement on Wednesday, I insert the following remarks of a correspondent :—"The Park, batting first was a queer team, made 110. In reply the Vics. had made 60 for 3 wickets, when Holden went on to bowl. He was also knocked about for a time, but, changing ends, he put 'em in with terrible effect, and upset the last 5 wickets for 8 runs ! " The Vics totalled 81. Comment would be useless.

New Brighton's meeting with Liverpool on Wednesday proved disastrous, for in reply to the Liverpudlians 239 they could only notch 58 !

Cheshire went down again this week, being beaten by Worcester to the tune of 7 wickets, though the scoring all round was low.

On Saturday, Mr. Wynne's team thrashed Mr. Griffith's team by 84 to 47, the top-scorer being F. Nicholls (20) for the "Wynners ! " Scores only received yesterday.—Six days after the event—much too late for insertion.

Cricket in Wirral on Saturday, was plentifully bestrewn with insignificant contributions. For instance, Neston and District had a bout with Kirkdale Wesleyans, and thrashed them by 99 to 46. Dr. Speechless—beg pardon, Speechly (22) being the shining star.—Again at Port Sunlight—the Cheshire " Sweet Auburn "—the Soapees had totalled 55 and placed for Helsby champions hors de combat for 30 runs when the game terminated.

Spital, on their own ground on Saturday, did a big thing, for Boughton Hall were just saved from a smart whipping at their instigation. The home exponents gave a tasty display of solid and consistent batting, which ended in a rather large 193 for only 8 wickets ; and they had followed this up by clearing off six of the Hall gents, for a pigmy 77 when time interfered, and the contest ended in what some people—at Chester—call a draw. Hardly !

On Monday and Tuesday last Woodland played their last match, when they were opposed by the Kingsley, whom they whacked by 3 wickets and 9 runs. Woodland throughout the season have :—
Played. Won. Lost. Drawn.
29 22 7 0
Which I think is very good for a junior club.

A correspondent sayeth :—"The return match between St. Mary's and Tranmere Wesley was played at Woodchurch-road on Saturday, the home team being somewhat late in arriving. The Saints—as distinct from the " Wesleyans ! "—batted first, two wickets at once falling for 3 runs ! Matters, however, soon changed, Linekar, Sault, Gaskell, F. Williams and S. Jenkins getting well into double figures, and completely mastering the bowling, Gaskell in particular hitting with characteristic vigour. With one man short, the total reached 92. Tranmere Wesley started well, T. Francis and Buckley getting into double figures, but the remainder gave little inconvenience, and time alone saved them —due to the late start—from defeat, 8 wickets having realised only 62 runs." Oh, Time, Time ! you have a heap to answer for !—The proceedings of the second